[Music]
[Laughs]
B
H
[Music]
I have
H Oh
[Music]
H
Okay, okay, okay, let's go through the last one.
question Okay then call me
pet please don't interfere with me
flames Forgive me again I'll do it for you
say you are you are you are you are you are
are
you are you are
you are F you are F you are F you are F you are F you are
F you are F you are F
you are please don't interrupt me you me
flames Forgive me again I'll do it for you
say you are LL another
you see me
Please call, are you Jui? Are you
[Music]
Judge Aeses
feses you are you are pu you are you are door you are
door you are puer you are puer you are
you are door you are door you are door you are
puer you are door you are door you are puer
you are puer you are puer you are puer you are puer
are
puer you are puer you are puer you are puer you are
puer Abi you are F you are feri you are feri you are
feri you are F you are you are F you are you are F you are
you are Fer you are Fer you are Fer you are Fer you are
Fer you are Fer you are Fer you are Fer you are Fer
you are Fer Fer you are F you are fi you are fi you are
fi you are F you are F you are F you are F you are F
you are F you are you are you are you are you are
you are you are you are a real fool uncle er
[Music]
You are this Tonight you and I are going
make sex more than
[Music]
that
inck I'm not going to do it to you, look at you
message from the being let us arrive at dawn
picking up
deloto you're going to have your ass I'm going to
I want to see you with me. Calm down, my girl.
that I'm going to you
drive the [ __ ] goat crazy
[Music]
The [ __ ] toughest guy on Twitch
bastard the [ __ ] goat throwing facts
making music in
live [ __ ] the [ __ ] haters you know
Every [ __ ] people
of come on miss, no, I just got it
this appears
[Music]
This just appeared to me. Wait, I'm going to
I'm going to censor because it's clear
How do they all start talking about me?
the day all things come out for me
related to me all [ __ ] day and
My [ __ ] finger hurts now from hitting no
recommend do not recommend block do not
recommend that you always do it yourself
It's worth a kiss Leire, how are you?
Thank you very much Ponla del Bueno yo
I think we have a pretty good night
busy And tomorrow I have to
get up
Early tomorrow we return to routine
Okay, we're not just going back to routine.
Ok I've already met with the coach
10 in the morning Thank you thank you
Isuka for those members have dropped 100
members eh these days that H has been
I saw it like I couldn't
They have gone down 100 and we are going for 300 and something
is worth the record 300
We said it the other day wanting to break up
that record but not wanting to break that
I would like to achieve a new record
record but not breaking the record
nothing more but man I have like that one that one
fluff with the theme of the
I have 4000 like the fluff of
get the number 4000 But oh well that
It's like fluff, I've always
had the fluff of having 400,000
no but but well that will depend on edes
Okay, that will depend on you.
5000 Clara the 5000 the record that's already
very complicated 5000 is 2000 more than
that we have but man
1000 1000 I don't see it as very crazy
eh I don't see it, very crazy thousand I don't see it
I very
I don't see him as crazy at all.
crazy okay
I mean, I just came up with this.
here when I opened
Twitch obviously people reacting
to a [ __ ] shitty live show that I do
with the
mobile the tyrant falls and his kingdom
finish the good 71
spectators the tyrant opening while
that 100-3000 people enter
My members in Telesalseo 2000
spectators we have had in
telesalseo
I had 17,000 spectators in the other one
last live broadcast from the main Channel 14
millions of views on the channel
major
Ah, well, I don't know who he will call Tiano and
Riqu's Spotify live theme. Oh well.
good good good good good to
Noa a
kiss I don't know I don't know I fall what I know
It says it falls, I don't know if it's like that, eh? But
Well there we are, we walk a little bit
squeeze more, bring together a little more and a
squeeze more than almost
eh what I said these people don't realize
that way they don't go up, they stay
stuck tomorrow you return to the routine
But if you're taming since yesterday, yesterday
What a big pizote to Ricky, eh, I mean, I got it
seen today like this, just a few clicks away
that people have put in
Twitter told me
You have me You have me on edge, huh?
Today Ricky has a tough day.
Hey, he's got a tough day because, in addition,
You know what happens?
me eh When I do this kind of
debates I don't care in a way I don't care
the same as what people think about whether I have
better state or worse state content vale
After all, you can stay content.
you can look better or worse
m but but without more Or in other words in the end I know
what I think and what I know
I interpret things much more
information that any of them and is
I'm not going to compare myself to a Ricky
Eddy That is, Ricky Eddie's ability
It is short
short but it is true that because
example in the other debate I was chill
I was calm no no I was like very
war nor yes Ricky okay Yes yes yes
you know without more but in yesterday's It is that
It's that yesterday the cousin did but but
total total total eh or so it is that I have
been seeing some of you who have gone
putting on Twitter no and people
reacting Ofelia heart Very many
Thank you. Look, everyone, you take care of me.
How my Ofelia takes care of me we arrived at the
4000 members today right Ofelia
But people are not like you that's why you
I love more than anyone
eh, or so what happened yesterday
He didn't answer anything if I told him that
had lied about something he had
edited I don't know what Mik Wasi Kaca told me
ass fart pil
that if old that if you are not that if you are
father of
family is that I if that is all the
What answer can you give me? Of course,
Obviously what am I telling you, I love it Hmm
Twitter doesn't say Javi makes a video
favor of Dallas for the harassment it receives
Okay, here's something that catches my eye.
much attention that they do not stop
To piss me off With Javi already coming out
get into the subject that is from Dallas and not
He cares, no, no. Forgive me for falling into it.
Ricky Uy put on Ricky's thing tonight
It's very rich that Ricky asks you
explanations of Dallas as if you were
his herald oracle or his hand
right Jos a
kiss let's see let's go by parts okay
let's go for
part about this meme is worth it is very
well interpreted
Okay, I get involved in all the fights.
from Dallas they have messed with Dallas and that's it
Javi leaves
all absolutely all channels of
I get a sauce at the slightest sign that something happens
fight with Win michu and fight with Ricky
The moror says I don't know what to Fran all
the gossip channels run away
putting a cli on Twitter is worth it from
that I'm doing it now too
Many gossip accounts have come out
also
and they make news videos on YouTube
direct with all the topics, that is, Jorge
A handsome kiss is not a very handsome kiss
It is necessary to be a protagonist of the
controversy so you can talk about it
controversial, eh, that is, as far as I know
all the gossip channels as they are
just as there is a fight between two
YouTubers who are not them come out
talk about that fight Okay and give your
opinion already but it's that you come out
running to defend Dallas well and
other channels that run away to a
defend whoever is against Dallas
regardless of the reason
simply Who is like that to me a
bunch of kindergarten kids are not going to get me
coerce me to continue not supporting it
that I think is right or wrong if I
There's something I see about Dallas that doesn't suit me.
I like it, so I'm going to say it, ah, but it's that
but you would see
illogical that I would put myself, for example, in
This fight on Ricky's part, that is, eh
yesterday I uploaded I don't know how many extracts
being on vacation point number one
I already said it, I wasn't going on vacation.
I was going on a trip because my daughter wanted to.
By force and to the beach again and no
I'm going to tell you no, obviously, and
I was not going to rest I have gone to
Granada only with the relative I have not
touched the mobile in TR days I went to
Crdoba alone with my wife I have not even
touched mobile in those TR days I have
I went to Thailand with my friend Fran.
enjoyed the trip and have been
working at the same time and there are holidays that
I do them to disconnect or to
rest and there are others that I can't do
the [ __ ] rest or rather I already said it
but I don't think I should give it to him
explanations to anyone as to whether I am leaving and
I make videos. I mean almost every time I
I go to the travel sites I'm doing
videos constantly now but it's that you
You do it by defending Dallas
Dallas controversies while I
I've been on a trip fighting with
Ricky who am I on which side am I supposed to be?
that I have to be in the one with the cartoonist
Ricky's just said this afternoon
when he saw that Dallas was in
Andorra that Dallas has gone to Andorra to
starting at 3:30 in the afternoon when the
police station is
closed what Ricky's does today is going to be
have me doing a handstand here, I'm going to do it
warning
Okay, cocu with Dallas
who do I have to stand next to
ccu as the
gubel and what has been the other the best
with Dallas But which side do you want me to go to?
put creatures on me if you want
You make it easier and easier for the kid
that I defend him Hey let's see if he
Dallas fights with one more or less that
be in good condition and that I know what
three lights and at least you can say
Hostia dala Well here you have been papped by this
Okay, but no, no, it's not that they're complaining about
that I make a video while on vacation
we are being of
trip and what and what is it that I put on that I know
notice a lot about the side I'm on man no
Wait, I'm going to be on the fool's side.
This one is inventing an order of
distancing that is saying that the
contracts are shady but he doesn't know
tell me the Why
Of course Dallas will fight with him
David Vial or with Will me there already
the
we will have because he is fighting with the cocu
with the moror and with him and with Ricky
Eddie and with Ricky Eddy Javi but not
You say nothing bad to Dallas and the others
He tells her all the bad things, tell me one thing
bad Dallas of those who are saying
In these controversies, of course they are
saying that the contract of
confidentiality is murky and now they
I ask But why what is it what
That's what's cloudy about them. Oh no.
I know it's weird and finally today Ricky who is
completely different in the videos
edited than in a live face to face
Finally in the debate yesterday he told me that
the concern they have with the
contracts that concern them
with the contracts
It is if it is accidentally leaked to one of
the girls who have had something with him
Dallas and that's why you're making videos
saying that the girls are
victims you are stupid and I have no left
another one to give you for the hair and yesterday
you caught it yesterday you caught it the other time here
Well, it gave me a little bit of a feeling, I was calm.
It's not my issue either, I don't give a damn
but yesterday you caught it because there
It was all the time we told him
Ricky you are
openly xenophobic
Myi the crystals up close no or them
mirrors of
close hoo really is that I can't you
give not even one point the only point that
I can give is that he is not to blame for
that they cheated on him, poor thing
but then I'm seeing people
saying Oh but how are they going to give it to him?
credibility to Alali, well Lali there will be
said things that are right she is not O
No, Laal invented rape.
is accusing a person of
rape for not recognizing cuckoldry
but Ricky is doing the thing No
In fact, it was Ricky's idea according to him
own video you know how I can't I
I'm going to take it like this with the horny one
Today this meme is your thing, okay, do it.
whatever I do, whatever I do,
attempt is coercion, arm not for that, not for that
talk about the topic but because I talk and you
Of course I am a channel that is more or less
being with two fingers of forehead no
contradicting him in any way
nonsense to say
That's what they try to do to me like
coerce me by putting drawings of dogs on me
covered that you all suck my [ __ ] that
could literally be your grandfather
that you are not going to intimidate me that you are not going to
If you like my videos, you have a lot.
of gossip channels that will follow you
the roll and they will tell you what you
Do you want to listen to what's behind?
of the confidentiality agreement or what
murky u u u has put a clause has
put a clause that the girls are
Abused women cannot speak to their
lawyer because they put it in the
clause I don't even believe they are anymore eh
I simply no longer believe that or that
those people who are the audience of this
Rick's people And I don't believe that anymore
that they do not even defend them because they are
children and they believe everything I tell them
I don't think even children believe those things.
nonsense I think it is simply
Whatever happens, they will defend a
side to be against the other but
either by passion or by Passion for
feeling you know I mean it doesn't happen to you that
for example, eh, what do I tell you, it doesn't happen to you
for example, eh, you take your neighbor
and you say watch out for my idiot
neighbor the dress so ugly that it has
put on and put it on with ankle boots
whites and now your mother comes and puts on
the same dress with black ankle boots that
They are even uglier and you say, well, what?
The dress looks good on my mother. Hey.
Well, if she likes it, let her put it on.
Well, do the same thing out of feeling for
passion [ __ ] that Ricky Eddie today
when he saw that Dallas had presented
in Andorra Although it had six stars
from the GTA that when he set foot in Andorra
were going to chase the helicopters when
have you seen the Ricky who was in Dallas
In Andorra, walking through the streets
He has quietly stated that it is that he
Police station hours close at a
3:30 in the afternoon of course Ricky because
starting at 3:30 is the purge, that is
you can kill
okay you can kill each other you can steal you can
pull bags that the police don't
works from noon Oh it is
summer you are the dumbest thing there is
Twitch right now Ricky really I mean
and tomorrow Dallas will put your photo on
the door of the police station and you will say that it is
that the police officer has retired and has
lost the paper and so and so it is
infinite and so is infinity if I do
A video is worth it. No Javi, you are defending
to Dallas because you're his dog okay
eh yes I do a
video saying that I am not in favor or
against D Javi you avoid talking about
this topic because Dalas looks bad if
I'm traveling and I'm not making a video.
you want to talk about this not about you
I love sucking my penis.
directly uncle 14 million views
on the main channel 44,000 subscribers
new this month on main channel 7
millions of visits to the 3000 salsera
and peak members in the
salsa a million more in telesalseo
subscribers my friend is Fran de la
jungle my wife the aunt who is more
good of the
planet I have gone on a trip five times
in the month do you think I care that I
put an emoji of
dog what do you think I really think
when it arrives to me
I've seen a couple of pieces of that
This girl's debate with Dallas and
literally
humiliate him, leave him grandpa, he's already caved and
bones
literally humiliates himself
humiliates Javi with all due respect yesterday
They talked about the contract with Cel and you said
that there were no shady issues may be
threaten to throw fraudulent strikes at
cell if you do not sign a notice stating that you do not
will talk more about Dallas what is your position
About that because Dallas wanted that no
It's cloudy, that's not cloudy, that can affect you.
It seems unfair and that's why he didn't sign it.
That may seem like nonsense to you.
idiot who doesn't want people to talk about you
wants to be criticized the same way he is
Gref asked Dallas But that's not it
cloudy that is not
cloudy cloudy is eh that I make you one
photo when you are unconscious drunk
the bed and passes it to my colleagues
cloudy There are a lot of other things that
Well, we'll tell you. Okay, but it's murky.
It isn't, but let's say it's neither murky nor
It's a confidentiality agreement.
That is, if I'm not mistaken, it doesn't fail me.
memory They had a problem there with some
strike or with contents that the
Dallas didn't want to leave the cell phone that
react to your videos, your debates or
some of that gave him a strike and he said
Well, I'll take it away from you on the condition that
that you no longer speak of me, then
Obviously I, like s, Well
I wouldn't accept it either if no one told me.
I said ap would peel the stke and he would fight him
but in case c had said
Well, look, I'm not interested in this whole deal.
Uncle, come on, okay, okay, no more
I could have talked more about the dala than
I tell you, or rather, without further ado, it's a piece of [ __ ] to be
but that is not a contract of
confidentiality nor is it murky that this does not
I don't think the meaning of turbid is
you know what it is worth this girl started to
say in the video with
Dallas that Ricky committed a crime of
gender violence that did not label it
of abuser obviously Me neither
evidently but evidently
Ricky had admitted to a crime that if
They report you and they go after the court of the
woman That is an objectivity worth it
girl then after having humiliated herself
in the Dallas Canal and not having known
keep absolutely nothing gone yesterday
with Ricky to say how good it was for him
reason for Dallas to leave her alone
to upload it lastly I have
noted that at the end of the debate
You say your perspective has changed
regarding me on certain points although
he has not taught you absolutely
nothing or I would have told you things that you didn't
you knew about me and It's not just
that when you let yourself be carried away by the
mob and you have no [ __ ] idea what
you are defending at the moment that you
They ask: Tell me a reason, for example
Tell me a reason, huh? What's wrong with a
confidentiality agreement what can
have behind
eh No
I know good but you are doing a
campaign three months ago with the theme
from the [ __ ] contracts to see contract of
confidentiality while no one of
Those who have signed say nothing or nothing
neither part nor the other evidently
There is no problem, no, because
Hey HM
Well, well, we should
see it
Ricky No, but it can leak.
in
screen because it doesn't leak. That is
So delete everything you have in it
phone or on the computer So what do you mean?
I say life don't be careful no yes no
You want to pay 50,000 bucks, what do I say?
So that's your problem, not mine.
no I mean the [ __ ] life no
Uh yeah And in the end Ricky after all
What the creature tells me is what I
The little creature says that the
problem you have is if you are
It filters not in case it leaks, not because
They are already telling it because they are already
breaking the clauses that is the
problem they have with the contract or
But in the end the mob can
that reason can prevail over the crowd
reason and then feel the need to
make up for what he said is worth it now
I ask you today about your perspective
has really changed about me You know what
I think this is ugly.
saying it I knew that if I didn't give it to him
reason in something he was not going to upload the no
you know the kicker that is what you said
Aunt, you weren't even thinking about this.
at that moment no strategy or anything
The thing is, you didn't know how to answer.
piece of ridiculous So what are you doing to me?
counting No, it's not that I had it
planned because eh Because if I don't
I agree, I don't think so.
go up if you say the same thing
antics that Ricky Edi says would have
climbed the same and we would have split
all the
box no it doesn't sound bad this is one of the
great truths that he does not want to be revealed
know effectively And I didn't want to say it
If I had continued defending Javi
Why you mess with her didn't make you
Nothing to you Dario, you can take me and
suck my [ __ ] and stop
get ahead and say nonsense Oh Javi is
that he hasn't told you anything, you're
messing with her because she has messed with her
with Dallas
silly silly that is that nothing more than
You talk because you have a mouth. Shut up.
[ __ ] mouth and let me call her a clown
to an aunt who says wof wof It really is
You're pathetic, dude, you're very annoying
Uncle, do the thinking for yourselves, Javi, I'm here.
editing the other debate exposing the
Ricky's contradictions if you want
I'll pass it on when I have it ready. Regards.
and I hope you don't mind if it is
very handsome and you absolutely love it
everything, everything, everything, and you leave nothing behind
I upload it to my main channel and I also
I regretted not having done it that way because
Look, Ricky Ayer admitted to me that he did.
edited okay let's see it good First
He told me no, then yes, and then that
no and then yes
eh And in the end Well he said yes but
because well, he was a slob, okay?
Look, man, no, no, but the evidence is halfway
maybe or I know, I think that now I'm left
I haven't asked a girl any questions.
I don't know what you're saying outside of that
of the contracts is taken and recognized in
This debate yesterday that edits the debates
when it goes wrong edit the debates to
lie and he tells you so coolly and he doesn't give a damn
the [ __ ] and cheats on them because it gives them
It's not about the same
argument if it doesn't look good for loito
and I put up lies and I put up signs that
are lies look you can't know but
Yes, yes, it's stuck to me reading
Twitter and out of there damn Well
moment you put a lie in there
brutal about me having cut the
straight with Pablo running abruptly
the moment he says what the [ __ ]
He says and jumps, well, Ha, let me touch myself.
I'm also going to the 11th that I'm staying at
says no, no, no, he hasn't edited it
debate with no lies first
Man, it looks like you're hitting the target
by WhatsApp and out of there you are
saying about contracts is not possible
know but if I stay 15 more minutes
live reading Twitter with what
had happened that night was that you did not
I had 6 hours left knowing if I stayed
A quarter of an hour is there live
It is uploaded in full and was put up for membership
while the main one was being raised
debate putting it for member is not
hide nothing, anyone can see it
Selene, a kiss, gorgeous. No, I had to see.
a live show scheduled in tes alceo but
I have a room left, I had a live one in
Teres Alceo at 11 at night But
I still stayed for a quarter of an hour
reading twitter time reading Twitter
Well, it became quite obvious to me.
that the other one was putting fire in you and
that you made it quite obvious to me
that I don't even believe it, okay, it's a
I invent and that's it You have to go if not
That's how it is, well, that's what it seemed to me.
you put a roof Leo means that
you changed the subject I didn't change the subject I read
the t that crossed him and Dallas weighed a
screen that says Dallas is on him
sending messages to Javi and cuts off
abruptly the direct and cut
abruptly the direct is worth And where
are the messages and where is the cut
abrupt of the direct abrupt cut in the
moment when you lose control of what happens
that after fifteen minutes, a sharp cut in the
moment when you run away but whatever
I abruptly cut off the direct line to the fourth
what time is that, damn it, I think now
I haven't stayed, I haven't stayed, you ask me
a girl I don't know who she was, we met
11 11:30 Well, I think I'm leaving.
I had taken a walk. Well, it seems like it.
cut abruptly for me that's it that's it
abruptly family that for you
cut directly sharply from the
you ask a live poster that
He says Dallas is sending me
Whatsapp and I cut it off uncomfortably and
abruptly the direct and I am you
saying if I stayed a quarter of an hour
reading Twitter until the time came
that had fallen with the other Well I
then I find myself on your channel
thumbnails that are already put here already goes
changing Well then I find myself in
your channel thumbnails that I don't know what
rickyedit breaks down when remembering the
horns of his ex Yes yes
Yes, yes, yes, what's wrong with that, trust me.
you the miniature that Ricky has put me
Edi breaks down remembering the horns of
her ex but yes if my grandmother had
pants would be my grandfather but I
I'm telling you, well, it depends on how it is
Consider how politics is for you
You edit the debate and put something. Good.
you put a few that are lies
Why do you do that? It's a lie. Yes, yes.
It's a literal lie that he didn't send you
WhatsApp when it left contracts
No, no, well, share the screen.
You teach me snap and now I teach you here
the contracts, that is, now I will teach you how
you the conversation with me on WhatsApp
from Dallas where I am sending you one
my photo of the underwear I have
position this afternoon Of course if not
there is the conversation that he is having
Ricky inventing what conversation he
I teach clearly what I spoke with him about that
afternoon or that night
But then he doesn't teach the
complaints that I share the screen with you
from my WhatsApp but you're stupid or something
You have to have one to accuse me.
proof or that you have seen it not because
whether it comes out of your dick or whether it has you
that teaching me seemed wrong to you
that I said what had happened no
basically he's telling me another thing now
time he says again that that is what
It happened, okay, that is, he said no first.
edited no lie after he said
That's good, but I put this
miniature then said that it is that
Well, that he put what he
interpreted now says that yes he lies
because I lie in the miniatures and
Now he says again that he is not
that it was a reality that did not lie aunt
Of course, yes, of course. Oh, and that's why.
then the thumbnails and titles are
Rick bullies a girl because he
rejected this What is Jai this that was it
Literally that wasn't a lie, okay?
Okay, so if you lie it's okay.
because he is used to doing it but
If I do it, it's wrong, okay. How about that?
He already says Ah then you can lie
but if I do it it is wrong or you know
who lies and edits the live broadcasts
lying that why is he
you have done wrong, you recognize that I do not know if
He hasn't told you, but it's very obvious.
watching the clip no no but I don't know anyway
if he has done it but it is very obvious that
It happens. Of course it does. I don't know if he has done it.
but I put it like it is obvious that
It's obvious you made it up. But you told it to yourself.
They were even saying it to you on your networks and
In your videos, you make up comments
messages that do not exist because they are not
He answered me that it's a little bit Jai
the double face the double standard of
I invent what I feel like, and besides
damn we came to an agreement we came to an agreement
an agreement not to lie with the
thumbnails the titles this we are left with
for the river when you want to crush me
If you catch a lie from me, you'll tell me
You put it in your face and I will defend it for you.
or not but right now I am
I defending you, your lies are worth it
Javi I think nothing was set on fire
behind so you would leave the live yes
I think that happened okay do you think I think that
that happened is not the same as what you put
a poster you don't even believe it eh
saying abruptly cuts off the
directly bothers you
annoying and listen to the answer to the tea
It bothers me, man, it bothers me that you lie
Of course, then pull
you have this
heard by strip of
And there are still followers of his today
saying Haha Javi changed changed
I didn't want to answer the topic, Ricky, I told him.
Ricky confronted him
and you upload it Javi What do you want me to do?
tell me what you want me to tell you if you
It bothers me if I'm not a slob, your slob.
for you filthy filthy I leave me bad
They make it look bad, I edit it and lie
orta Ah so you recognize that you go up
things edited but it seems ethical to you or not
have a contract signed just like that
the time eh nonsense
fulfilled if it were a person close to you
yes or no no no no Tell me yes or no no
They have a response to the issue they have told me
caught you don't want us to go back to that
also that you have no answer and you leave
to start saying nonsense like you did
on Twitter with elate sleep jav go ti
to the family there worried that does not stop
If you are with him, you have no answer, go away.
with the family go with the children you are
a father of a family sonoton you put yourself to
to fool around like a child
small no, that is because then also
you said you deleted the live stream running
You didn't put it as a member so that the
people would pay so they wouldn't see what
had happened so that people would pay 90
cents with 4000 members that I have
Ricky that is hiding a direct from me that
I care about what people pay in
Twitch you threw it but on Twitch and on
Twitch you threw it I upload no V because
up that goes up
Mario Javi, you're asking for trouble.
with everyone who fights because I feel like it
Mario's [ __ ] because it comes out of my
Mario, you're also going to the channels.
of gossip that speak of the controversy but
they take sides
Ricky O only bother you because
I'm exposing your idol to your what
[ __ ]
be deactivated we finished the debate
also being while Do not lie go up
to upload Now you are an expert in
TT you had me asking what it was
the bit rate didn't have to be changed
ind I clarify that you but if you
You go into the video tab and there is no
no live Why do you make up that
I have deleted it, it is as simple as
that has deleted it
and you've bitten Javi you've bitten no But
where is elick You're not throwing it at me
in the face of this that on September 4th
1 tells me the date and time. The hearing aid
your son your daughter the time is I don't know
how much of the
night you are a slob Me too 5 of
the morning being on vacation with the
people good And if I call you at 12 o'clock
tomorrow is also valid or is not valid it would be
sleeping I'm probably from Crdoba
But what is your answer?
Yes, I have lied, I have said the debates for
look good when I look bad I put in that
Well, I put it up Lito because he liked it.
I said I didn't put it there in honor of the
true what I thought just happened
and it is quite obvious that it occurs. Ah
but no no no what you think you praise
Javi can you ask me? Can you ask me?
explain how the hell do I check what
He told you on WhatsApp, well, no.
put it then don't put it but of course
It's that I put up a sign stating a
lie that apart one thing is another thing
He is a liar and that is why you do not
You have to believe nothing I say
okay, so one thing is that you are
saying that he pees on your face is fine and
It doesn't matter one thing is that you interpret
that days he was sending me messages from
nothing but another thing is that you spend a
poster that cut off the live stream
suddenly because you the thing about the
WhatsApp you can think about it or you can't
think you can't prove it but you can
from the live cut you invent it
because you are a
mythomaniac And why
You lie. But Javi, you claim that the
restraining order does not exist that what
it is a creature factor a factor
wake up the Kings
no way [ __ ] sorry tell your dad
I'm sorry but I wouldn't have told you
left the Table Los Reyes either
It's true that these are things that I
So why do you put it? If it's obvious
what has happened It is evident that it has happened
those are your videos that you create as if
were true happens to him like Dani Te
love to project night time but
is
A kiss happens to him like Dani Te
loves
project you catch one
lie by signing things you don't know
that you started to investigate well anyway
Tell me, but which one did you put on?
investigate in short I started to
investigate that Ricky came to you
Lali has also had the testimony
opportunity and you have done it here
when you have
Dear and Lali's friends also love me
They talked and told me things and people that
He was at the party that night too
There were too many things that I kept quiet about
Too much that I kept quiet about things still if
in rcky don't get nervous what is the
May deate projection you are older Honey
You are too old for this, I have to tell you
tell the truth But why don't you answer
As an adult, I do.
I answer whatever you want but you have to
knowing that Twitter is too big for you
you have to know But why not
you answer to the one we already move on to what is not
does it hurt you tell me tell me edited
I edited, we move on to what doesn't hurt you, that is
I wanted to divert attention to not
answer and tell me that I am too old to
Twitter eh And it's too big for you
Twitter we move on to what doesn't hurt you or
literally can't be that dumb
I think he takes it for granted that his
audience that's worth it, I mean I think that
that is that he is not even that he is not
can be so stupid
that he takes for granted that his audience
That's worth it What is your
audience tink Winky l the
po tink Winky la la
to subscribe to Ricky No's Channel
There can be a person so stupid
can't can't is impossible
debate to get on the kids' good side
that they follow me because they put the
dragged out of my life what do you want me to
I said that Ah Let's see admit it I don't
you say it's not that but it is that in the
debate you get a [ __ ] that you don't
You can with her Javier in the debate
you eat a [ __ ] that you can't handle
Javier you literally had to
edit with
lies because that's what you were going to
saying worth the difference between him and
I don't care, that is, I
I assume it will have more visits
likes, he's going to look bad, greetings
point I see you from the beginning but
I've always been in the shadows now for
speak don't give me an order to
distancing kiss eh literally to me
It doesn't matter, I can sleep perfectly.
because your children come to give me mojis
of
dog tell you let's go based Ricky based
you have put one
lie I can sleep you know what it is
Ricky problem that you know that the
adults And yesterday a woman came up
50 years old and you got dragged
also when I got off or rather you
They dragged us to the pambisitos. That is to say
You know that anyone with a
mentality of a 25, 30, or 40-year-old
think you're stupid and that you looked bad
and then you need for your
insecurity because you are a very person
insecure you need to be told you you
you've made a drag Yes yes Ricky Yes
Yes Ricky Uy Look you have more like you
made a ratio Ricky you need it to
I don't care, you have 3 million
subscribers and I have you and well
They will obviously have more likes of course and
You will give me a clear ratio and you will have half
million views on the debate and I
I go up and I have 1,000 But well it's a
debate that is going to stay up there
by
life look today a chat I had with
Fran a chat I had with Fran here
in the sauce shop an extract in which I appear
Talking to Fran about Elon Musk today
by the face has caught 200,000 visits
I had the video a hundred and something
Well, what can I tell you, Ricky? Well, there it is.
will remain up and when they grow
Well, they will be seeing it, that is, if they don't
There is more but what matters to me is
what people around me and my environment think
community you right now today are of
the nerves because Dallas is in
Andorra and they haven't arrested him because you
You know that the order is a lie
estrangement And now you're saying that
The police station's hours are until
3:30 let's go from 3:30
Andorra is the flea you can't call it
police, that is, it doesn't go V ry is not worth it and
you need this no no I hit you one
but what a drag you had
creature if you changed from version seven
times with the fact that you registered the
mobile to the relative you invented that
the contracts saying that a lawyer does not
It could be easier to talk to my cousins
8 years old makes me very anxious
stupid that is I don't understand how
You held on for so long, I have content
patience for this thing of messing with your
The little man's age is clown-faced
clown face
as if they were 39
years
80 but it's that messing with my age
But if a 50-year-old woman came up later,
I remember if the woman was 50 or 60, Ana.
I don't know what his name was that he sent me
a super chat between gossip eh And he put it in
the woman a drag of life
because any person other than
a little kid knows it 49 any
A person who is not a child already takes it.
and he paps it And yes you're talking nonsense
and you're making things up for them
kids if it would be gentlemen today
lady on telesalseo is because it is
gentlemen of points that you had PR Although
a lot of older people follow him too, eh?
Maybe not as much as me because
I have telesalseo but I have
met many ladies eh in the
community of
Dallas captures and proven testimonies of
different people to say this is
so that content is not made No, I don't know
In fact I had a clear plan with
what I could and couldn't touch In fact
I had many captures All The
captures that you had taken in your
videos talking about Dallas I had them
all on my phone What's up I can't
grab and tell Dallas out of nowhere Hey
And what happened to the 14-year-old girl?
with which you met in At tochas no
I could say
That man is that if you tell him
That piece of cute looking Dallas you
I would have answered: Well, nothing, he lied.
listen in the
real trial of truth why it suits you
to answer Dallas Well, nothing Look that your
testimony was not very conclusive and
I won, so it's something that's already judged
in the provincial court of
Madrid Well it would have been great if it had been
You should have asked the truth because it is
you should have answered this wf wf
wof w w Ricky Yes yes Ricky w w w Ricky yes
w w w w I say what you tell me Ricky
gu
criminals come from Andorra
7.30 left
hours
Oh my god
luare
Okay, I don't know if we have time for that.
let's see things and now I'm going to places
because if you don't give me anything, he'll hang up on me
blocks and Ah and puts some tweet of es
that they are crazy, they think they can
play it to me that I don't know what Because he
He is the smartest in his house but he is
very mature of you to give up
account of these things or rather I am very
mature of you to act as if you were
They humiliated you to publish that
That's what I say, like really, dude.
I mean, it doesn't make any [ __ ] sense
none of the nonsense they say, uncle.
very mature of you to have
let him humiliate himself so that he can take him to his
channel the truth is that I think it's great
good
idea if the girl had had one
Ricky Vale strategy
if the girl had had one
strategy and she does take it and takes it to him
contrary and tells him whatever and he does it
She records here with her cell phone here in the
desk next to it records it and if Dalas
She doesn't publish it, she publishes it. Of course, my
Miik, a kiss, remember you all for
Please, today we want to reach 4000
members and we are going to arrive and we are going to
Today we will reach 4000
members eh or I'm going to cut the live short
Today we are going to arrive a member 10
members five members each worth
Look there you have the bar 3.37 missing
almost 1000 of you have a lot
work if the girl had wanted
catch the Dallas she records it she records it
record and then if Dallas doesn't want it
publish Then he humiliates him because he
She publishes it and these people make it viral
all
them but the girl is saying that she
let me humiliate you no girl you didn't let me
humiliate him we will see I have here
summary I already summarized it
places that allowed themselves to be humiliated so that the
another will publish it what the [ __ ] are you doing to me
telling you when you invented that
This morning I could defend myself to a certain extent
point and agree with him. To a certain extent
point because I do it all the time And on top of that
When I agreed with him I didn't say in
I believe you and that's it. I said, if it's like
You say I believe it. Of course, of course, like me.
with Javier the other day this no because
Javier has the other one, he has the other one for the end
the trials must be studied
court rulings and all this
and that I have to study them
trials and court rulings
Ricky, you don't even need to know.
coloring to know that a contract that
you who told you until agbel uncle that
has three neurons in his head
fighting with each other, they gave each other a kiss
a kiss seba Thank you so much for your support
you caught me you told me in a live here on
a debate that they haven't brought out that guy that
They had to take out what the lawyer said
I don't know what I don't know how much and misinterpret
the words to be able to scratch something from the
direct that I did
with you that if it had been another time
It's normal that not everyone is in
against the Dallas of my debate with you
They take out your [ __ ] so much that you freak out, man, what are you doing?
you put here to say
that the clause in the contract prevented you
talk to your lawyer and report it
Because they were third parties, what judgment?
I have to study but if I do it every time
that I have debated with this creature I do not
I was expecting him half an hour earlier the other one
debate Watch the first debate I had
With him the three debates were one
dragged Thank you Martin, thank you very much
Martin has given away 20 members and is going to do it.
has to be the whole or what do I ask I ask
He's going to do it all or what about the first one?
debate I did and that was a drag
and your father was against your son again
small worth the first debate was because
you were talking [ __ ] about me and I got up from the
pull your live the second debate that
It was the other day I left the gym and
It happened to me, I saw you live and I was
It happened and last night I was in the
[ __ ] hammock lying on the terrace and I say
There is the fool. I'm going to go up again.
you know and there I walk you and I will go back to you
walk whenever the opportunity arises because
you are very short
very very
very very short and the worst thing is that
I don't think he's that stupid either.
that is locked up simply for not
recognize you know that Javi that Javi is
study But what judgments uncle But what
I have to study trials, Ricky, yes
These are topics that I discuss here on the channel.
Well, I inform myself and
I know I inform myself and the
I know if I've been here I don't even know how many
years all the controversies are being dealt with
I'm not going to know the Dallas ones.
sentences and trials
creature, because I'm not going to know them.
foolish and proud is foolish and proud
to be good for the little while that
has it spends it so by the way I have
seen G on vacation Who laughed so much
that I record a video that I divided into
three in three parts And leaving
vacation to a place I went to
work in Barcelona one day and he takes
every day of your vacation
recording [ __ ] about me and about everything
ridiculous quite very embarrassing as
Family vacations shouldn't be
This has been the argument of all the
days that I have been on vacation
made videos and I laughed at him
Because he made a video dedicating content to
kids that pisses you off
internet because they call you guagua it is put
to record saying things about the
Dallas laptop as if it never happened
been there okay wait wait wait
okay okay point number one completely
It is false that I criticized him for
I record videos on vacation
I criticized him because he recorded videos in
vacation after he kicked her out
in the face of the other who recorded videos of him in
What is this crazy guy doing?
vacation talking about me that's not it
obsession and then it left
He went to a stationery store to print
tweet for two days that has been
vacation that could have been done
total return if Its content is
Dalas I do not criticize him because he recorded
vacation but how am I going to criticize
I do that every single day
trips at the end of the year in everything
everything has gone to a stationery store
printed a handful of tweets from Dallas and
of the pambisitos to make a series
Take it, I don't criticize him because he does one
I criticize the series because it is made later
having criticized Dallas he p like that
Oy Dallas being on vacation has
spoken of
I'm worth it And now pay attention to what she says
clown, hey, pay attention to what she says
clown p record saying things about it
from the laptop of dasas as if there were
been there Ah Javi I am your lordship and
I met Dallas because of you, you are my loves
From the heart I already knew you were from
telesalseo recognized your hatred has
I reached such a point that I saw
comments on Twitter where they said that
The girl didn't look like she was a fan of
Ricky and that was
bought yes yes yes yes whatever whatever
be the same as they are saying now about
The police station looks at what the clown says
that you get the CJ on the internet because you
They call Guaga to record saying things
about the Dallas laptop as if
the laptop would have been there
Dallas is the thing
with conversations with ex-girlfriends
It's as if he had been there Ah
because he has to defend it But this
I'm totally sure it's going to be
because I have to defend it
completely sure that it goes by
contract contract I am totally
Javi cookie insurance if you upload this
video is like this it has to be like this it's not
I can think of something else, a father of a family
family vacation uncle how the [ __ ] you
You start talking about the Dallas laptop in
2016 of the WhatsApp of peeing and I don't know what
no because the news at the end of the day
truth is that she suffered a lot already
It's not like I'm here
two pieces of
clowns is because it was a
procedure we are talking about here
because at the time the ex-girlfriend of
Dallas reported him for that and the justice system
He agreed with Dallas but it is that it is
plus that car that one
car is delivered in one of the
my procedures as proof of a
something that must be denied then I
I know exactly what it says on that car
in that judicial resolution and puts and puts
the judge that Dallas did not commit any
crime because it was a meeting
fortuitous and you rich clown that you are a
clown you stood there saying that the
The judge would have been wrong, let's go, it's that
He told me yesterday
Look, I mean, it doesn't matter if you win.
or lose the trials, eh, I mean, yes, yes, yes
loses his mind they laugh at him for having
lost but if you win them neither
They are worth it if you win, they are not worth it
Look at your ex-partner's mother but you
You know that they reported him not for that reason
No And you also know that the judge doesn't know
what the hell was WhatsApp web what are you doing to me
trying to say that the judge does not
Do you know what WhatsApp Web is? Well, yes,
Judge doesn't know what WhatsApp Web is
lawyer of the party who filed the complaint
will have to explain and the judge Although not
go study computer science that same day
late because the judge while she
study the resolution that is going to be given.
you will have to find out all the clues
and see the testimonies to see who says
the truth And how it happened and then decide
Whether there has been a crime or not, it doesn't matter.
who doesn't know what WhatsApp is
web surely if a mechanic fights
with another mechanic and opens his head
with a wrench because it can be done
touch a judge who doesn't know what they are
tools but the lawyer will take the
that denounces and will explain it to you to see
Whether there is a crime or there is no crime is fine.
But come on, this is already this.
I think it's the [ __ ] [ __ ] of being
idiot but the [ __ ] dick of being
idiot the [ __ ] dick but of being stupid
of the [ __ ] you and the one you have there
with you it is not that he is talking as if
he was like I was not
as if I read the resolution Gabriel
ao A kiss because to talk about a
crime that must be read
resolution or rather, I really with
I can't do this stupidity. So what do I do?
You are trying to say that the judge
I didn't know what WhatsApp Web is.
then you have made a mistake and they have left
free a guy
guilty that justice can be
make mistakes many times of course
Yes, but we will have to respect it, I say no.
whatever they decide
no And especially in instances
No, you know that they reported him, right?
for that reason and you also know that the judge does not
It looks like it was WhatsApp web, let's go
You say that because they will have told you so.
told to you and as you are a dog of all the
world less than Dallas because they will have you
said that the judge did not know about WhatsApp
web And it has been worth it to you You have
asked the judge or have you asked it
said you have asked Judge O
they have it for you
said wait and see if I find one
which this is already this is already of
Get informed Ricky so that you learn to
work so that you learn to work
look
cold you it
you want I want to feel your body of mine
because my does not have
time I want to feel your body because
I want to feel your body, Alo.
because my
Hello, if I find it, my al doesn't have it.
time
I want to feel your
body I go
find I want
leather I can't find the T that was
searching
It doesn't matter, but justice is a point.
decided that there was no crime that
It was a chance encounter Chinon sees
that there is no more is that there is no
more so also Ah okay So you do it
What you want to tell me now is that the
judges were wrong jav if you are going to
report on a social network
I specify a case and the judge tells you no
I know what that is, therefore I can't.
prove that what you are telling me is true
true because I don't know how it works
stop the resolution they are going to take it away from you
Well, let them take it out, but tell me about you.
you claim that the judge
I made a mistake, I don't know, I don't know
heard Maria but you just told me
tell me, well that's it. It won't be me who
put it in
doubt
Okay, well, I don't know who this girl is.
Okay Javi, wait, maybe you haven't
understood well what Ricky has said to you
I translate into your language wof wof w w
I hope and some of the people who
look at the mother of this woman who
Many times your mothers follow me and
because come on, I'll give him some sauce and tell him
girl is
ridiculous already Javi you should leave
Ricky edit is too disrespectful
rude and is a person who is not
It is worth fighting because if something
You have to admit that it is good.
saying [ __ ] and looking like the god of
the debates despite insulting you
telling you dog that you are the father of eh
Well that will be good for the kids.
It seems pathetic to me Selene just
give away another 20 members Many
Thanks to all of you who are giving gifts
members remind you that tonight we are going
to reach 4000 eh tonight we go
to reach 4000 eh or what happens let's go
to expose this salsera
night You have to reach 4000
there I start fighting with the creature
to argue on Twitter made me Las
captures
Okay, and he says that the father of the family
is paying attention to his own
That is good, pay more attention to this.
to him Well and now he makes me come on with
I'll pay you in full for today's live stream.
Okay and puts an emoji of
puppy and I put Cool to see if
You also print the restraining order
in larger organisms that you have
invented I didn't remember this this
It hurts because it hurts because it hurts
that this Lie will not be able to be thrown away
forward no matter his followers
They're going to do it anyway, they're not going to tell her.
liar or anything. I mean, if yesterday they already
He said to my face that he was making things up
debates and edits them no matter what
invent the order okay Javi that the chick
he put a worse tet to send it to a place
Please look at it and answer me with
Of course, I'll tell you family first.
Well, but he answers me with
this and look at the followers look at the
Followers eh look at them
Followers no Ricky doesn't understand you wow
wow wow like that
better 50 users balu [ __ ] It's that today
we are going to get to the
4000 [ __ ] It's that today we are going to arrive
guys, today we are going to get to the
4000 that I deserve, eh, for putting up with it
These people, that is, this doesn't give me anything
you are the government or anything like that
eh and I deserve them because this is
entertain these people
special no Ricky doesn't understand you Wow
wow wow that's better and it's a drawing of
I think it's a sausage Pokmon or ace
I don't know what it is, but well, it says
another with a drawing made in Paint
hand Look without going out of the line I color
So very well, calm down, I have already silenced him.
mouth I
Let's see if these people are the ones you
support replanting the Por
What the hell do you think about? Why did one come out yesterday?
49 year old lady and she eats you
uncle what
dewlap
heart What a double chin
Cool, let's see if you also print the order.
of distancing in larger organisms than
you have invented okay And this makes me feel like this
same as the little drawing Javi as if he were
has invented if I think in a very video
old taught or read a little but I don't know
if it is
true no
I can't
bastard Pablo Pablo Pablo Pablo Pablo you
I'm going to remove the
internet Javi how that he has it
invented if I think in a very video
old taught taught or read a pot but
I don't know if it is
true you believe
Ricky, do you think?
that I'm coming
down Tania pm Congratulations on the
Congratulations to member Tania
You deserve it, damn it, with so much time
What are you doing there watching us? Give us something.
Ha a kiss Thank you very much for doing it
member do you really believe Ricky when
You told me yesterday that they gave you the reason
the
first said no then said yes
look
Rick Look Ricky when you tell me that
that you gave me a [ __ ] figure
Generally by the one that has led the
You are right that the figure is generally
If one has more cifr it is Generally
because because it has the
right you are seriously telling me that the
Hey Disar, there are people younger than you with
more respect aunts than looking eh but
Listen to me, you're telling me the truth, yes.
Call me stupid again, I'm going to have
Sorry sorry repeat that the l give you the
reason no I mean who has more likes than
This gentleman is listening to me when
I said like they agree with me. I when
I said that those who agree with me just
to say that the numbers are the ones that have
more reason and Ah me when I said that
the numbers
50 subs of Alexo Sorry Thanks Alne
Honey, I hadn't seen it before.
Thanks Alex, thank you very much, handsome today
It is reached that Ho I have said it is not
Alne joke Hey, what did Alne think he was?
family joke It is that today we reach the
4000 members
It's not that today we reach 4000 no
family today No you still don't want me
Upload today the screenshot that we have arrived
at 4000
members, I hope that
yes 150 sub none of them touch me damn well
Give it to yourself It's that today is the day you arrive
today is coming Clear today is the
Tania, give yourself something you just said.
right now when javir when tell me
you have to regulate the sonot gives more likes
I have not said that they are more interested
If in a debate in which the two sides
They raise the part that takes the most
impact or more visits because the
people are more interested in seeing it there because
Therefore, it is worth a kiss if there is a debate
that both parties upload it as it is
It has more visits because people
Ricky is more interested in seeing me there.
I have 600,000 subscribers and you have 3
millions
creatures What happens is that mine are
contents that are sometimes
more serious, others are more clownish and the
yours is full YouTube
kit will be more in agreement with what
defends that part no Therefore
will agree more with what he says is
ap part you are saying that the numbers
They agree with you. So you're saying
that the numbers prove you right, damn it
[ __ ] Javi Bueno you understand a little bit
what you want but you think like this
You think the numbers are right.
So tell me at what point do you think that way?
Do you really think Uncle Ricky and when
you put yourself there in your live shows that you have
done a thousand times Well that's it, I've already done it
I've already rationed Javi and I'm staying.
calm down you need that for your
insecurity because you are a baby
unsure that it has probably been because
a person who has not been very
popular and that's what you
pass but good family like the numbers
They are going to agree, let's see if we can reach
the 4000 members and you give it to me is worth it
see if we reach 4000 members and I
you are right with the numbers
Okay, well now when I put this for
It's true that Ricky was a [ __ ].
last night for every person who went up there was no
I see little of Margallo today in his
fourth is going to need a lot of comments
so I kept it to calm her down
insecurity and someone comes and tells me you have
turned into a meme woof woof woof
Wow
You Imagine that they are telling you
Imagine
Okay, imagine that you take it and they are
accusing of being aggressive Hey you are very
aggressive I don't know what I don't know how much
Okay, and you go and say I'm not
aggressive if you tell me that again
I tear off the head
Well, this is the same as others
50 I don't know I don't know
come out joso give yourself away
something the reason is not given by the numbers
They can ride the mini Total that has gone up
today this former junk from yesterday is worth
Ana, I don't know if you're still here, she said last night.
I entered a
debate that I was having with the cell phone
the most pees
radicals were not the most pis
radicals not this invents okay or so no
They were the most radical and although
At first they were calling me racist
x no no Ricky at first not during
the whole debate and we're going today you're also
a xenophobe but you are one and you are
I said it yesterday to your face and I'll say it to you again.
repeat and now we are going to see more examples
Okay, we're done.
I talked about music and cinema this is
completely false
Ricky this is completely false and you
You're making it up again, we caught you yesterday.
one lie and today another Salvador
Thanks a lot
very handsome
Look, the lady was pampering you Javi and
I had some
questions This is not the lady's
The lady did not upload it
the movie bird Ah that not the
this will be uploaded
Hello, just in fact.
four
but this is a channel of
lying because that's what you that
This is what you intend to debate with
Ricky has uploaded this and has 100
visits and he has put the dog on me
Dallas super chopped Hey, well, here you don't go
They are proving right, eh Ricky? You are 12.
visits hello it's not
Let's see, let's see, let's see
If here uploaded the thing about the double chin that he
puts the woman in
[Music]
see different lack of
information worse because it is more
[ __ ] Javi Hello if you saw that the laser
he's laughing at
This kid can't be helped anymore.
That kid from Mira told me yesterday
Pablo that another lawsuit came out I don't know if
Mine has not even arrived because
hasn't answered yet but I'm going to
putting a second one was going to present it as
more in the preliminary hearing but not
I'm going to put an extension there is material
for a second one I'm going to put it back
I'm going to put another one, I'm going to put another one
another Yesterday a lawsuit came out for him no
I'm going to say who it's worth but that's already
What can I say? I can't do anything.
for him if he if he can
allow yourself to say things that are silly
It's true, you're right, I just realized
account Excuse me if you have said it more
at once because I said it I say it only once
See, I'm wrong, it's true, I don't know.
How did I not notice? Excuse me.
task that is so is that it is that you do not
You realize many things and you give a lot
forward and you give a lot back
but what's up I have a song that says
That says one step forward man that
I am here to hear the
your songs Can I ask you what
type of music you like out of curiosity
It's just that I'm not older now
Ricky, I already like a lot of music.
also old eh I love it
80s music for example Yes like me
I'm totally from the eighties, I love it and look
Freddy Mercury Maybe you like it you know
Madonna I don't know if that Madonna drives me crazy
crazy I don't ask because I don't know her
to know
handsome darling, you have to have one
approach in conditions you know but
that my favorite of the rockers was
Cindy Lopez I loved it
Nice, the lady was pampering you.
Ricky
Look, the lady was eating you, Ricky.
and you started to change the subject with
nuisance
Look why he's talking to Javi
For he did just according to you a
from Wait wait Wait
wait continue No more until I come back
to enter
Damn, look Clara, you're going around in circles.
much from front to back that no
I have Tell me, tell me things and you
you have committed a fright you have committed a
crime of gender violence you have
good job less more than less bad
that the Internet does justice to him
I ask if you consider that D has committed it
that crime does not go here I understand the
radical branch here I understand it I don't know
Don't worry, honey.
There is a judge's disposition
talking about this is already
and you started asking him about it
movies okay, I mean don't make this up
that you didn't end well with everyone
the pambi and talking about cinema, music and al
Apparently Dallas was listening all the time
chat and how he couldn't stand the nonsense that
had ended up blocking his own fan
only blocked one who said one
which was a slip and I gave up
account at the moment I have not asked him
to dala Who has blocked or why
Come on, he's not going to let me lie and he's not going to
I asked but it's a lie you put
posters that are lies
you are me
listening side by side
What you see here in the thumbnail is
Tell me while we get to 4000
members that you see
Here is another xenophobia
perhaps his followers are
whites and Spaniards
Okay and the Dallas guys are
Peruvians is xenophobic
always
always give it the twists that you want
give okay let's see that part too
yesterday we will see that part too
yesterday I did not understand I did not understand the
message that you are a fire Okay and Ah [ __ ]
wait of course this is on the channel
this
I want a body
body I want to feel your body because my
he doesn't have time
I dedicated frero to that and to xenophobia.
calls
xenophobia is going to call me if F Ai man
If you put xenophobic Twi, I'll call you.
xenophobic r cu What is xenophobic all
the twi they put on you
tell me one say tell me one tell me one Jai Jai
tell me one tell me one Jai tell me one says to
see let's tell you several okay let's go
tell him several of you think it is
xenophobic or what
Don't you think he is xenophobic or
What do you think?
you guys what is sophobia or
I don't read you One is worth it
Hey look, what I can't allow is
that a handful of 15-year-old Argentinians
who work for 2 a day begging for a
bread crust to rich youtubers
Tell me Don Ricardo editions successful
Spanish owner residing in Andorra
that I have no idea about
economy could acquire 9% of
your territory with what I have left over
to buy playing cards
the most Peruvian
Mexican schoolchild hurt gold
Deserved, tell me one that I have given you
The one from Mexico in Mexico says nothing
that in that one that I sent you which one
It's the justification you've given, damn it
that the context is what is important, that is not
It's an open t that I put saying Tom
by ass mexic lem walks them and we are going to
See, they've removed it here, uncle. Ah, it's not there.
here here lelo if you have searched for it yourself
you have in the search engine No compadre because
No
Ah, you're absolutely right, man, I thought it was happening.
I've been on Twitter longer. You're a
Liar dude but I can read or will it be
By insulting I can offend you, that is
according to
you in word I can
read n delada come on tell me what is that
She is delicate and talking to me in
female
He entertained himself with anything
to try to avoid the issues that
I was taking out and entertaining myself that if I don't know
And when I had no way, well, now
mayovi I don't know what you're talking to me about
feminine you don't like clip cheeses
trans guy who is always there, so stop
here and now you don't see that thread that
that thread, look how long it takes
tweet that I told him eh to go to the
tweet that I told you 2024 and tell me no
is
xenophobia what thread if this is from August
If this is from last month, what thread?
This is from August all the Pinta and it is not
a thread is a conversation but oh well
It doesn't matter, things have all the appearance of
that I would agree to discuss with him, I tell him
This person who is a person who does not
It is not even the one that I will then answer about
Mexico seems to think you would accept it.
argue with a 30 year old man who
He has said and repeated that he wants to kill you
Yes, yes, fit the profile and someone else answers.
It's incredible that you think that someone
would put your freedom at risk, which
already confirmed In the debate he did with
The fan is from yesterday for committing a certain
crime for someone so insignificant
like you, who apparently I am not because
He's been calling me good, he says I'm his
stalker for 10 years and yes
reaffirms his words regarding the
life with his own hands to all
that you consider harassers you are on
I agree with that but I'm going to give my opinion on
I don't agree with your tweet, it doesn't suit me.
the tw of the Mexicans we give as if not
answer okay okay no no I ask
I ask because I'm curious that
You also didn't make it very clear about the
threats in the debate But it's okay if
no, what to answer, I have not told you
if they seem good or bad to me, they seem good or
Bad what he said is great because I
I am calmer, I was worried
true I say that they are prescribed that you
you have not reported that if I tell you the
face well okay unless of course it is
the horns you carry are so huge
that they are a world rarity, okay?
Explain to me what the meaning is
What about this world rarity?
endangering the freedom of Dallas
for committing a crime against me that
one thing has to do with the other no no
Explain to me what it has to do with
If you say he's Mexican, I'll explain it to you.
I'm going to explain it to you but explain to me what
This tweet makes sense to justify
My answer is what is the point of a kiss and
ar that I'm seeing out there that there is
I gave away 10 members that had not come out
a kiss uncle that you ask to the
person who puts it to me Explain to me m
This person who puts it on me doesn't give a damn
by saying Look uncle with
Mexico is going to be in a bad way because you go to
know why it offends you that I tell you
Mexico phobia I was stunned when
raised the issue of the leak of some
message or photos when in any
mobile you can put the do not disturb mode or
Hiding photos in the cloud seems like those
details are given
They don't forget, but come on, it's so simple.
how do you worry about that you don't know
I'll leak something like that to you if you're going to
suppose a problem Ivan that is done
Latin American member Just kidding, Ivan, we love you.
We know that you are a Latino at heart, open
Ivan could give away 50 quinces, no
is part of the Mira team 256 members
we carry Eh This means that we
We are approaching the Eh Esto Channel record
It means that we are approaching the record
the record is in
3370 less than 100 left not for the
record not to break the record this
night less than 100 left
you [ __ ] host
eh you are
saying but you don't have
egg because it is pejorative to call Mexican
a
Uncle Claro because you're not saying it
in that tone sisuka Thank you sweetheart
Thank you very much sisuka has put
another 50
family then we are going to break the
record now eh
to break the record right now
numbers give the reason the numbers give
absolutely right because you and I just
start the night It is deformed pejoratively And
why in what way could it be
pejorative word to say to someone
which is shorter because it is from Mexico But
why Por turns around a thing that
It objectively seems to you that people
from Mexico are shorter don't you think
You just said it, you come back, okay? And here
once again showing off his
xenophobia Okay, so he put the
miniature that corresponds clearly
has put the thumbnail that
It just corresponds and that's it
Okay, this is the one I read to you, okay, and here
Today's chicha comes, not here comes the
chicha de
today It turns out to be
who posted this tweet
It is practically worth saying that it is in
Andorra
Ok Today is a good day for Don de
bat in person I say if they don't hide
in the cave forever Javi puppy
The infotubers are back, Jesus and I.
We came for revenge for what happened to Kenyans
Tic
Tac, well I'll tell you one thing Javi that is
channel fan grandfather you go Gaga Ah He's a fan no
It's him. Ah then no, they don't agree with him.
Ricky No but Cel s ended well with the
pambisitos even invited him to play
You love him but the poor guy already wanted to sleep
Haha Why Ricky's defense of a
accusation against him is Yes but Dallas
He did it too, I forgot to ask him.
That's true that he was taking out one
Dallas thing from a decade ago And that
would not justify what he does now
Come on, it never justifies what I do.
But imagine that you throw it in my face
Imagine that today I criticize
someone because he punches someone
another thing if they take out a video of me
a decade ago I also
I have hit
Someone discredits me so they can
tell him This is
bad or so there you have an example Not me
Now I see that a YouTuber hits another one
is aggressive with another is a person who
Well 10 years ago it was c ago
one way and now no and now I take it and
I say, hey, don't do this, man, this isn't cool.
Well, this is not done, you can be condemned
Okay, and he says to me, Ah, but it's you who does it.
A decade ago you hit I don't know who
Then you can't criticize me for it.
we can do everything in the world
no, it has nothing to do with it and a lot
except when there is a legal procedure
Uncle Say what what in which it ended
procedure
You know what do you think?
Ricky replied to
This Well look at the first thing he answered
was d finally gives credibility to my
report it and come to Andorra to look for me
Personally, I am not with this anymore.
that it does not matter what you go to
At the police station they will tell you that the complaint is not
exists and Rick will come out and say that
That policeman wasn't someone else and so on.
uncle or Dallas when Dallas doesn't go
Andorra
He says, "Well, he can't set foot in Andorra."
because I have filed a complaint against him very
serious is a hodgepodge of accusations that do not
I know what crime it is but well all
Dallas cannot come to Andorra
He goes to Dallas to Andorra and says he has given it to him
He came to Andorra because he believes in me.
complaint well it is that I do not know if he wants
say that he has gone to look for the
complaint but I think that this is what
It means that
Come
aere peg V as my complaint is real something
so I don't know that this
stupid and this has already been the [ __ ]
this is already
that this already has to be for
Nothing is that the police stations in
Andorra works only from 8 to
TR then gives Well the first thing is that
D's tweet I think is from around the 1st
in the afternoon or before eh or 2 in the afternoon like
I don't know much
But well, we'll see what happens tomorrow.
says and this
tremendous in the afternoon they close the
police station only have time to call
Ricky
what a stupid guy what a squid what a squid what
squid, eh, that's this stupid guy
He begins to say that the police have
time to call him from time to time
to see how
[Laughs]
It's when the [ __ ] police of Andorra
He only works in the morning, man.
a Flame schedule
Of course, they pay him little there.
few taxes The salaries will be
short ones have said from 8 to three
we are going to be working intensively here
our turn
There is so little crime in the game that
at night nor
[Laughs]
open
man, it's clear that every time, every time
that we are commenting on one of the
these characters
I think we are commenting on the guy more
stupid youtuber but of course it is that
we will comment on something else and
we will think about it
Same Tic Tac Javi, your fall is coming
Jairo Gnesis and I are waiting
patiently the right moment to
the clock ticks again
Run Genesis was not wrong you
you have been mistaken Genesis was not always
Another one arrives that surpasses the previous one, it is not that
it is in the moment in the moment now
You see this and it's not that D has come
because he knows that from 3 o'clock onwards he is
closed that's why he came at that time
You know I swear I'm pissing myself already
You know guys, starting at 3:30 is the
time for the flea and me
man, it's tremendous
Hey, he's such a tremendous fool.
uncle and what do we do with this?
this and this that I do to him
Uncle, what's this? Let's see, come on, let's go
listen to it, let's listen to it for sure
that I'm sure I'm going to take his side, right?
I know that later they are going to tell me that I
I put you have to see what I put in the
side of
D I'm going to take sides with whatever he says
turban I haven't heard it yet okay
It is enough to be silent for a moment with the members
That's it, we've already made the record, right? Ah
missing No we are not finished
Ah
300 10 members left to break up
the record
You are 10 members away from breaking the
record number of members it has ever had
the sauce shop
Okay, Reyes Garcia says you don't even believe it.
You, Reyes, don't trust me. I'm going to put myself
from what Tur says now
Even if it were I would go to
concentrate I'm going to concentrate to
do it
Ok then even if it was a lie that
Ricky has put a warrant on him.
moving away to Dallas that even if it was
lie that Ricky has given him an order
I don't know if it's from distancing myself from Dala
true or false that I don't know if it is
true or is it a lie even if it were a lie
I don't know if it's true or if it's a lie
I go to Dallas and say it's not that the
restraining order is a lie You are a
liar, you are supporting the threats
What does Dallas do with death by leaving?
arms break legs because in the end I
It is the
that I understand it
I understand it anyway
same Wait wait the hairdresser of
Ricky edit must be Mexican because he
makes the cut of the child Go Hey Martin a
respect shut up
[Music]
I don't know if
to be able to see I have understood it
To report a crime you have to do
a
quote don't you believe us Javier we have
contacted Ja roblox to enter
contact with Ricky and delox for
demonstrate how you banned him from YouTube
the clock is ticking Tick Tock this would suit me
That controversy is [ __ ] awesome. I promise you.
Hey, I understood, wait a moment.
my nose is going to blow
I understood it exactly the same.
you
No, I understood it exactly the same.
So even if it were a lie that Ricky
has placed a restraining order on him
Dallas I don't know if it's true or not.
lie that I don't know if it's true or
lie okay I make it clear I repeat the
people who follow Thanks isuca
defending Dallas and saying it's not
that the restraining order is a lie
You are a liar, you are supporting the
threats that Dallas makes of
death if we go to see the people who
you are supporting the people you are
saying
that the restraining order is
lie
Hey, we don't know if it's true or false.
They may be lies but don't say it is
lie say it's true Because if
You say it's a lie, you are supporting the
threats, break arms, break legs
because in the end that's what I understand, no
It's not that the restraining order is that
I understood it the same way, Mika Muchas
Thanks, kiss Mik, sweetheart, I understand.
equal
If you think that Ricky has
invented that you are supporting the
threats of
death you are some
criminals, I'm turbocharged on this one
that it is a lie, no, this says a lot
Javi Oliveira, well, what do you want from me?
say that threats are okay
death that makes Dallas That's what I
you mean pitiful Jai
pitiful oliveira Javi oliveira me in
I'm on a turbo plan, to be honest.
you don't
Let's see, even if you think it is
A lie is like someone's wife
is in prison, he criticizes you for your
conviction for breach of honor is not the same
discredits face with blank eyes face
with blank eyes face blowing a kiss
face blowing a kiss
I love you. Well, I don't know if you love me that much, but
Thanks for the super chat. Thank you very much.
To all of you who are donating, go
Celene members
l
chime elan
Micaa, [ __ ], eh, I think that's the record.
I think we've broken it, but the 4000
Today I don't know if it will happen
eh I think Juan Oliveiras is a
criminal, I mean, I don't know if it's true or
Ricky's restraining order is a lie
Saving this clip is worth it so they don't say
that I always side with Dallas
Ok, I'm in this one with turban
100% I think not.
in
doubt even if we don't know if it's true or
the restraining order is a lie because
That would be supporting death threats.
at least I understand it
So if a person does that kind of thing to you
threats you should not report it to the
police and bring it to the attention of the
authorities then to and from the
higher organisms, especially me in
I'm on turbo plan, eh, 100%.
Javi, how did he invent art?
aarte look at what Matas says here
Okay Javi, how come you made it up?
I think in a very old video he showed or
I read a little but I don't know if it is
true How could he have invented it if
I think I read it, I don't know if it's true, but
I think I read it
Tink Winky the
the big like for Ricky kisses
a kiss and this has been tremendous
it is bitter
eh Oh I can't take it anymore eh he's bitter
Today he is bitter, okay, or rather, the guy is
has already hit if we understand that
you understand like that Who wouldn't understand it like that
there is someone who doesn't there is someone who doesn't
understands that he has stuck The gachon has
The gachon stuck all year saying
that no that that that that that that that the clicks
old ones are not worth that the old ones are not
They are worth it because you can change
opinion from one year to the next I want your
body walking to redit Ah the video of
Javi soporific let's comment on a
a little bit of that not the video because it is a
unwatchable hour of you said an hour
unbearable no better I go to a space of
Pambisitos says that I don't know what clip of
5 years ago and now he says he doesn't know
how much clip from TR days ago is like bro
You said my ar was a I'm out
for the people and I talk about something that
I don't even have a [ __ ]
a stupid idea that was behind I don't know what
for a coin or something similar they have done it for me
They told me this, I'm not saying this.
A judge says it and Ah, a judge says it
judge says so
Judge Coo What Ju has said
that and then you also told him to leave
to sleep with her and don't tell her
your mother knew it was told to you. Ah, it's worth every penny.
one in a time season has said
things but today we are going to comment on others
little things that And of course the c that is
that this thing of putting an old c on Ricky is not
it suits him
he is not it
would Ricky have the haircut like that
Frankenstein but it is so that he does not
Don't squeeze your glasses Rafael. Don't get involved.
With him, Ricky wouldn't do it, wouldn't do it.
I don't think the current Ricky would do it.
that they start putting orders
distancing all of us who do not believe in
a
kiss I think I raised 6 7 88 years ago
Nobody even 3 years old would give me much
stick to say Look How This Was
person is that that is that they are old
It's that they are very old, what a stick what
stick eh what
stick leaves quite a bit leaves quite a bit clear
in other parts there is a difference
of advanced age within the majority
legal age is not something today is the day
A judge said it but that judge knew that
is WhatsApp web yes no well no
He's right. Ha, let Ricky kill that one. Yes. That one.
yes it is
And that judge does know how to use that one, yes
You don't believe that [ __ ].
ask him
perfect moment of the song Javier er
is
judge while we reach 4000
okay okay okay okay And you are we are going to
move on to the last question Okay then
you call me
pet please don't interrupt me
You call me Forgive me again I'll tell you
say
[Music]
sorry, I'm going to tell you again
of
[Music]
other
you are you are you are you are you are you are
fi you are fi you are
fi you are you are F you are you are you are fi
you are you are you are you are you are you are
you are if you are you are you are F you are you are
you are you are a real fool uncle you are
[Music]
I think we've already broken the family record
Congratulations, I think 348 new members.
In this live show there are more than 346 that were marked
I understand that the bar is
3300 91 I am wrong if I say
91 91 91 no ta ta ta ta because we have broken up
the record in twenty-something more members
94 94
we have broken the member in twenty pico
further
eh in twenty something more Camilo Muchas
thanks for
join in your twenties plus family
new record how about it comes for the
6000 that will not go down again It's what
It's hard for it not to go down again. That's it.
difficult is difficult but oh well
Thank you all so much, eh, so much.
Thanks to everyone, what a great community!
What a family we have made here, okay? And
often we are relaunching this
Oh, wow, how we're relaunching this.
crazy uncle of crazy Luciana a kiss
Tomorrow there is a piece of video in the
main channel that people find it
It's worth it, it's worth it on the main channel. I am
This month has been [ __ ] crazy, huh?
13 million visits 44,000
new subscribers we are talking about
a whole new community, almost, eh
44,000 new subscribers and well
salseria which is the
the sauce shop is not bad at all, no tatic la
salseria What's going on, it doesn't come out, there is that
put Javier
little jav little jav the salsera Okay, hey
listen to me 7 million views nothing
despicable
don't listen to 7 million views what
As you can see, we split it, we don't split it.
no or
that this is done, this is done
We've been to ta this month, dudes.
debated this month we have taken
We've done documentaries about Daniel
Sancho, we're working hard, I [ __ ] on 10
You had to have that, yes or yes, eh 4000
members and you get back to being a little [ __ ]
No man, no, I don't think so, let's see.
Let us remember that we are leaving
Let us remember that we are leaving, we have been saved
the sanctuary of Gref's hand also
Who wouldn't have said it?
No, I don't think I would consider taking out TT.
from 7 8 years ago from nobody even 3 cu
years would give me a lot of stick to say
Look how this person was, okay, good.
tweet said tweet eh so it's not a
hypocrisy because he said tweet
Ok, it makes it quite clear in other parts
that an advanced age difference
within the legal age of majority is not
something serious and as you have seen
keeps stalling to avoid the
answer and you know why I have it
discovered this Javi today in a video of
These words are yours for a while now
It was not recreated by one and it was an opinion
that came out of him because he accompanied well
something that was defending or covering
in one of its attentive contents this
Javi a while ago time didn't have
I didn't even have tickets
You dance like a tremendous brother-in-law, Javi Facto
fact Tun Tum
In fact, you don't understand the police.
closes at 3 now because after what
From Dallas at 3 they go to Ricky's house
to stuff the food xddd let's see what to give
Pick them up at lunchtime Javi is missing
The Comanche one lists my subscription
Thumbs up for Comanche now
If we reach 4000, eh, if we reach
4000 I think we have to hit each other
a dance eh a fat dance eh This one
It's a clip from a while ago by Javi, huh?
another house had no entrances yet
then later my hair fell out and I
I put in an implant, so I think that
approximately 6
years I think approximately 6 years
I would love to see, I think, I don't know, I think
that this video is from the script over a roldier
eh Let's see
Oh what?
It goes what it goes
Ela roldier 5 years ago here I already had one
a little more from the entrance you V
eh my [ __ ] idea what video is Someone
know what video it is to know what
I'm talking uncle
what video is it
uncle was the one
yesterday what video is it, man, abuse of power no
I have no [ __ ] idea, go see
context because it is that maybe it
we watch the video and maybe context
who knows what it is for?
comparing me
You understand, it's true, we fought this time.
We went with the best as a little princess
This one is very complete for me
yes find out what video but more than
nothing for the context man to know that
This is what Javi A to the few members
weapons the mini
Uh Mila this this go don't involve me in that
I think Big Brother starts tomorrow.
Let's see the poster is on the door
They are placed there, you see it, I don't know if
the
dolls are very definitive
Hey, wait, they're sending me
one thing that if it is true We are going to
throw floor eh wait a moment they are me
sending something
[Music]
copy paste is the one from I am police
completely Jesus Christ eh Look is that
I'm going to show it to you just so that
flipis let's read the copy paste of the
police chat that you are not aware that
a crazy woman joins forces with me who used to go out a lot.
I don't know if in Andorra this is the most
interesting that has happened to them in the
last two years have become everything
crazy Holy [ __ ] Oh look look look look
Look, Oh my God, hello, beautiful, I am
police officer for more than 20 years with
more than 400 arrests throughout my career
I have been a career military paratrooper
to you sir
I tell him I'm a streamer Oh sorry
I'm not really into this world
You would have to explain to me a little what
They are streamers and I tell them you know what it is
a somewhat similar youtuber for you
you get an idea it makes me so Okay I get it
I could imagine a response like that
style that is like what the hell are you going to do?
professional attitude that a person should have
police I think not I don't know it was a
constant one after another after another after another
another after another of let's see I think I
You have sent this video as for
prove that the police work for
and at night in Andorra but let's see
I understand that I understand that I'll see it
I understand that we took it for granted, right?
family was not necessary either
credit it Javi I have a partner
work that looks like Little Princess
I take advantage of the Mateo pull of the pull
There is also one thing that I have
I have explained on many occasions that
called power relationship and this comes
because the girl is very young and is
talking to your favorite youtuber No
She feels inferior and that she doesn't
wants to do something that I told you not to eat
who wants to please him to the point of not
Disappoint him, okay, it's a move to see
I understand that when I am saying
I love watching this video, man.
luare or someone nothing is that luare is not there
Here it is linked to another video
Paizano, a kiss, nobody knows what video it is
uncle or rather because I would say that this is it
I'm
Saying how he runs away from the mini is noticeable
that Dallas put in his contract
confidentiality that Javi puts one
restraining order on the mini so that
No, Monte Dallas has him by the horns.
balls boy now I have to be
defending him
I feel a tatic kiss. Thank you very much to
see I would say that
I'm saying it when I talk about a
power relationship of a very young girl
who wants to please his youtuber Yo
I understand that I am saying this for
a
very small girl apart from being
less power relationship but clear
someone who is moldable someone who
be manipulable and that he pays attention to you
in all I do not consider that a person
of
18 not believing that the dokis is in the chat
former Dallas mascot eh former mascot of
Dallas and asks me how are you Javi How much
Time to see if we can chat and comment
Dalas things go up Get on if you want
Get on yesterday yesterday we were yesterday I saw you
Yesterday I saw you in the space below
I saw you yesterday in the space but it is
surprise and
That and that surprise
But you get along well with him. Oh come on.
Okay okay Cool Cool or rather it disappeared
from the Doki map eh I would say this
eh I would say that I am saying this but
for a power relationship in plan
someone very
small someone very small not of
someone 18 19 20 or so this video Me
I would love to know which one it is, uncle
It's true, okay. This is how it is and it's here
not only would we apply the fact that
that he was quite a bit older than her
okay because we are talking about more than
a decade that for me is a real one
madness but there is also this
power relationship because it is clear
a real madness but not from someone
from 20 to 30 someone from 15 to 25 Of course
what video is the defense schedules to
Dallas by Javi are 3 to 7
Because at 8 o'clock the market stops like this or not.
my Javi
Oh, I don't know what video it could be.
Uncle, I want to feel your body next to mine.
because my ti time being
when I'm talking about this
I am obviously referring to
smaller people uncle but it's that I
I would love to see what video it is you know with what
that they are comparing it
Uncle, nobody, the one from Aplo can be a video
what did I do to aplo
What's up man, I'm going out with that shirt again.
I mean, it seems that I liked that one
shirt but I go out
Shaved what a video dude is it I curse everything
man, I'm completely sure
uncle that in that clip I am
referring to those ages
Uncle I am but very complete for sure
dude but I don't have a [ __ ] clue
what video is this dude the mini has order of
removal and until the judge knows
What is WhatsApp, you will have to go to
Andorra before 3:30
Greetings, kiss, a kiss, it's already after 3
in Andorra Let's go to
Hey man, you would make me a big one
Please if someone finds the [ __ ] video
eh Because I want to know now
man, I want to know now because
I'm
sure I'm sure that clip I'm
talking about real minors, not about
under 19 20
years and when I'm talking about a
power relationship I am evidently
talking about
[Music]
Hey, I'm talking about someone.
manipulable not from someone of 18 of 20
Javi, you drive me crazy by not wanting to.
talk about Pambi that no that no that
We're talking about Pambi, eh, I promise, but
that but that no that no
what video is this guy power relationship
who am i talking to
uncle who am i talking about family no
is aplo
dude what a video is this
Uncle Anik, [ __ ] we couldn't find the
video is that it would be necessary to compare what it is
What they are comparing here is clear.
they are comparing this
as if here I do understand that a
YouTuber can manipulate a person
much smaller
You know, youtuber no and always will be able to
manipulate it better because there is no such thing here
a fceo there is no rape because
we are talking about that everything was
virtually but we do see how there is
some say places where he looks for it
It sounds like a lot of manipulation to him because he is
the famous youtuber she wants
please him I hope you are
understanding what I want to tell you
understood perfectly Javi basically
that this is your real opinion about a
case like the one I was explaining
during several occasions that you were
dodging because obviously he couldn't
I go I go disco I go I go to the discord a
little second a little second Doki A little second
It is worth responding and that today is not the day
more than a balanced hypocrite and
censored wait wait wait What does it say
Ricky What does Ricky say? I understood you.
perfectly Javi basically that this
is your real opinion about a case
like the m that this is your real opinion
from 6 years ago okay This is the real one This
is the real one no this is the real one okay yes the one
you have changed the real one is this one which is the
that I like If you have changed the real one
This is what I was telling you.
during several occasions that you were
dodging because obviously he couldn't
respond and that today is no more
that a balanced and censored hypocrite
by a company that assures you some
how many more bills at the end of the month
change of being in favor Why have I
signed and assures me some bills to
month his [ __ ] is already everything that
criticized a shameful time ago with
the age you have and the situation in the
that is embarrassing I should give you
I am ashamed that it is very hard for me to believe that
Someone today is proud of
you Javier and well to close the topic of
Javi, who won't be mentioned much
more during the course of these
contents because we do not remember also
the number of times since the
pan fon project Man boom got to work
say that he had no idea about cryptos
that all the luck that was thrown at him
roll to see if there was luck that understood
the basics but I don't know what But why not
We listened to what he thought before as well.
there are investments and the
market no no had seen This has me
taken out This
video but if in this video I say no
I have no [ __ ] idea about Christ and what
I pretend that this can't be done
be but you know where it comes from
taken you want to know where it came from
taken so you can see the reliability
has gone to a hater account
to get the click without having a [ __ ] clue
where is the context from or from
what video is it or anything and that's it and
Okay, he's a good expert manipulator, so
expert is not because now I am going to
search luar is the
clip now he's going to look for places for me
clip and let's see what it's about Let's see come on
let's let's take the call
Doki let's see what happens
hello good
Hello Wait Wait wait wait
wait a moment wait a moment
wait a moment wait a moment that
This deserves this deserves putting a camera on it
wait man I'm seeing you on the
direct but wow wait Ah you say the
Mine does not wait, I put the camera on for you
Here I put this and I put Wait for me
the record is not that I am the best friend
from the record eh I don't know what it had to do with
give here Ah look at the little squares okay
Okay, I can't put myself in the other one.
upside down side I don't know the direct I see it
all black eh Ah the same no no no I say
Here here I can't turn upside down
Well, come on, it doesn't matter, let's see.
It is shared for what moment
okay I know I know I know if I do it like this if I do it like this
You see, we are there, we are there. What's going on?
this surprise Oh That uncle you been
watching lately and I say damn the Ja
this is the [ __ ] great guy
First of all, thank you uncle for what
you have done for Fran's sanctuary eh
I'm proud of you, macho man. Hey.
When was the last time we spoke?
Well, a few years ago, I don't know, four
or five maybe
But what was the last time when you
You came up to talk about Miare's father who
It was the dog and all that stuff, that could be
It was the last live show we did.
I think it's direct Yes but go later
been I think I was talking to you
when you were playing Kingdom hey
once in a while I don't remember Osa well
Uncle, what are you talking about? I'm glad
I know you very well, the truth is, uncle I
I've also been watching you
She's been doing something crazy lately. And that and
I say, well, I'm going to call him, I'm going to talk.
with him to
thank you for what you have done for my uncle
Because all of us who like them
animals we thank you very much
because Franc, even though he's a bit of an [ __ ]
has a huge heart
true Ah wait don't send super chat
Now please let me be here now.
I have taken away the title, I don't know if it's
You know that now the Dala dog is calling me
I have seen it, I have seen it
seen you bastard how do you feel you called me to
m that and now you put it on yourself
equal sides are not the same context
Because of course you surpassed me, you put the
banner Yes yes yes you put the you had
a banner on Twitter that featured your photo
with Dallas no no or a photo of Dallas
Just not with the Horizon I think.
It was a drawing that they made us that
we had together and you started calling
that's simply because to me because
I am his friend and because I liked him
book that's why it was because of the book that
you started calling me acate, it happened to you
You said the book was better
that Harry Potter Listen to me I was
That level is really interesting.
the book uncle I liked now because
it's the haters' fault, not the haters' fault
I can keep reading it, man. But how?
You're into life, dude. I mean, you have a relationship.
with him still eh Yes no lately no
We talked about that a lot but a couple of
I was talking to him for days and I'm going to
help her now with a little thing and such
If you want, I'll share it with you privately later.
and well the truth is yes yes Of course without
problem uncle, let's see if you believe that I
I am a fool of those things that they go
betraying his colleagues this this
Wait, I'm getting FL from
Vietnam clear now the Dallas dog
It's me and now I don't accept that I'm here
get out of the way listen to me let's go
See, I'm not anyone's dog, nor are you.
no bro that's a I don't know the nickname
That guy who made up that joke, you bastard. That's a joke.
I don't care, you know that the la O is the
move It's that I thought that you guys
you had distanced yourself with time not with
fight or anything but because you have
dedicated to something else and such And then
You have recently spoken that it is not good
Yes, we talked recently and it's been a while
time we also spoke distantly
entity because before we were there all day
together because we worked together
We were playing together all day and
since we stopped working together and
So we have distanced ourselves a little bit
the time to talk And such But that's not
take away that we continue being friends like you
You will also have friends with whom
You don't talk much, but that doesn't change anything. Yes, of course.
There are a lot of people, the audio is there, wait
It's not that I'm always with the audio
Let's see, man, of course there are people with the
that you don't fight and there are times when
that you talk to yourself more and times when you
You speak less you understand me or rather me
example Look at Lada lately I've been talking
less with her because she no longer knows
She is dedicated to gossip but I love her very much.
I count on her for everything, I called her
recently for a live performance by Trine
and been a friend who was there for a
lots of things and I will always be here
but for example however now as
We each dedicate ourselves to a theme
Well, I think we cross paths less.
Last time I spoke to you was because
You were a father No, well it can be Yes, yes, yes
My boy is almost five years old, uncle
And look there you have the dinosaurs and me
He has the whole house full of toys almost
5 years old One year younger than mine
How time flies, man, almost 5
years your family How are you uncle How is everything
very good very good I have one of Yo
I have one of mine mine has fulfilled
five recently and he's a bastard and
It's little Javi, it's little Javi
and it goes by very fast, man, it's a shame
because it happens very quickly but nothing
very good uncle very good the truth is that
This is very good if you have been watching then
nothing is the same in the sanctuary doing
what we could do and now we give it up for now
There it is, I think, soon.
I understand that if it does not go in the
next few days there is not much left and very
Well, man, here we continue with the gossip.
with the garbage then with Melo
Nothing, that Melo, I don't know anything since
that time the truth But what happened?
Cool me down a bit about Melo, then
was working with us made us
the
360 then we found out that he was
talking around with nothing eh No us
we fought with him or anything and he started to
throw [ __ ] at us behind our backs
for the face but when when the Melo
He fought with you if I was in
against you no yes yes yes I mean
when you of course when you
You broke up with Melo. I was in the
another side and he came and contacted me
and through me he contacted the other
side no there yes yes yes And then from there
Melo was no longer spoken to.
What's up with you? I don't know anything about him.
The truth is I don't know if he's still alive, if not, or
idea man I lost it I lost it
track I haven't fought with him or anything No
I know best how I get along with him
Dallas Well maybe I can't do it anymore.
see I don't know the truth But I lost it
reading how it is surely because of that one
It was the time when you and I started talking
and then I spoke to Dallas and I told him
hang out with him, he's not such a bad person and
Hence all this, that you are now my friend
from Dallas you know you know listen to me
he
But listen to me, I was going to tell you.
something You know there is a talk that
I have with you an uncle who never dies
we have two or three on the channel But there are
one that never dies and is already for 2
millions and some visits which one of
We both have two or three
talks here at the salsera and also a
It is the most watched live show on Channel No.
[ __ ] and never die suddenly every m
He gets 100,000 visits plus another 50,000
another one gives me 3000 or 4000 or so it goes but no
never dies uncle never dies I myself
I remember you a lot.
every time I get the [ __ ] out that I've
100 pavets have come in here this month for
having spoken to Doki 6 years ago
Well look here we are again if you
help uncle, I'm glad that I don't
I have a lot of impact but of course
Let's see, you have to give someone a hard time
so that for that to happen again and
This talk is about positions 5 years no O
be like Who do you dislike now by
For example, take care that we are going to give it a go
because I don't like the guy. Yesterday I was there
listening to the conversation and I know that
He tweets that make Dallas look bad.
because he insults him for his physique
The dasas plan insults me for my physique
He's a little brat, I don't know what, but then he takes
the uncle and starts calling you grandpa I don't know
What about the hearing aid? What if your family is like?
you are reflecting or projecting yourself as
They say or what the [ __ ] is going on? Yes, yes, you see it.
That's why I'm telling you yes it's true
I saw you, I say, this will have entered from of
I got your icon by chance, I mean it.
Doki I say it came out of Chiripa but come on
that's a capture Look, I'm not lying to you.
Look at the capture for what because it was
seeing you I say boom and and and the wall stops
to see if it was you look damn he laughed
Devil's Lie is that how I am
all day catching catch look look Eh
I'm not lying
look you see it Don't me Ah yes there I am look
I go out first. Well yes yes yes I say do
I took a screenshot later because
moment I disappeared you know and now I know
it was the head and no no
I haven't thought about it again in all these days
as state with with the [ __ ] this But
but well, cool then what's the day of
the moves And that is not 100%
I know some things for a fact that's why I got in
yesterday to that live show to find out more
because I will tell you privately later
because we are not going to do it in public yet
say but for the project I have
between hands
With Met, cryptocurrencies are not going to happen to you.
put the cryptocurrency in because I would have
liked it, I don't know. No, I don't know much.
It's one of those things The truth But the
last one who said he didn't win 10000
turkeys who was me Ah you have won 10000
turkeys with loisto Then you have not
placed on the sceo good good good No me
I put 300 bucks in it because when it was
people started saying on Twitter that I
I put this in him and it was [ __ ] crazy
every day like that I saw that sub this what
you know but I didn't get it all out I went I went
I thought it would last more days and it didn't.
I took everything out in one go and when it fell
Well, I could have gotten much more.
but well, how cool are you then?
There waiting to do a little thing. Yes, yes.
We are going to do a little thing that
10,000 bucks, that's [ __ ] awesome, man.
I had heard from people that the
I had lost everything that I don't know what
typical Well yes people who have won
10,000 turkeys like your evil I think that's it
This is how cryptocurrencies work, not just some
others win, others lose, those who lose
they bought
during I would say almost all of that
week I see it complicated that they would lose or or
or they would make some bad move because
Of course that week was also in
Twitter you saw everyone in full
You know in forums and so on and there what happened
It was that there were no longer only people from
the community but also a lot
people who found out through forums and
experts in the world christ You know that
They saw the new token and that week it was a mess.
so that you would lose passes, that is to say all the
that you enter in those days Eh Well I don't know
I think that more than losing there would be
people who obviously see Someone
The world has to lose that
crypto is the same as everything else
it works no some win others lose no
As far as I know I'm not. Of course yes.
but many people are that they lost it
What to reinvest and such But oh well
eh the truth is that it is a world
interesting and what are you talking about?
Dude, I got tired of YouTube and I decided to
with what I really like that
create video games I publish them on steam and
I'm doing pretty well, man, I'm doing pretty well
Yes, I live off of that and now I'm
I'm going to buy a house in a small field and
Well, I'm doing well, man, I'm doing well, I'm happy.
Working in what I like is that
YouTube honestly tired me out but
wow, I still see you from time to time
and but your last thing was like some
compilation videos your share
daily Ah yes yes yes yes yes exactly
Theo, yes, I did pretty well at first.
then he went down you know how he is a youtuber
I also got tired of always doing the same thing
same as and what I like is
video games so I got full with
that and and pretty good dude I can't
complain and what about Ricky, uncle, we were
talking the bastard eh like he starts to
insult people because they mess with you
his physique and then he starts telling you
Grandpa put on your sonot tone I don't know what to do
touched the dick uncle was listening and
I say you will be And on top of that he calls you Shameless
I say you will be a scoundrel, look at that
when you find a fool like that
It is better to treat it as what it is
a fool Then you're not going to put on
I'm not going to get upset because he says that.
That is to say, the one who is looking bad there is him.
I'm calm, you know, I chir should be that
pays a lot of attention to the faults of others
and look at yours, you say that all the
The world insults you for your physical appearance and you go
and you do the same thing calling grandpa I don't know
what replacement look look at your problems before
to look at the rest, that's a piece of advice
not only for him but for everyone
because wow, wow, wow, it was like a
Wow, this made me really angry.
listening to him and telling you those things
when he then complains Look what I
They say like you're stupid or what?
It's okay, man, nothing, but it's the Pambisitos
those who are children
no according to what I have seen in a photo that you have
put here in the live they are yours
followers who are children, wow!
eh sailor cloth and but you are
incorporated now again or were you more
or at least to see from time to time see some
video and that I'm not 100%
attentive to everything I tell you I am
working with the computer creating
games and that in a lot of time I
I remember you every time I remember you every time I remember you
I get that video, I remember Docky
What will have become of you, I know you were
Father, I know I congratulated you on your day and such.
And such But I say host when I have you
suddenly seen there it became clear to me
The flash came from last night when I saw you
because I hadn't done it again
remember why I was with him
[ __ ] debate I don't know what I remembered now
same as I took the capture but I didn't
had remembered again every day of
If I saw you last night I would have finished
checking the mobile phone would have already
finished falling But when I saw you
At that moment I realized it was a coincidence, I say
This one came in there to see, you know, and such.
not to inform myself a little about what is known
He's saying about the little salsa dancer And that's what you
I'll tell you because exactly but but go
and very well man, you look [ __ ] great
Hey, I've seen Fran's videos there.
With the tarantulas, this is the [ __ ] that
They did it to you. Yes, there I have already done it.
less a little the sanctuary I already have
I want to come back soon but oh well
but let's see soon soon but not so soon
damn [ __ ] what did I have a phobia of
I told him Fran called me
first when he came up with the idea
I'm going to bring youtubers here to
have them see the sanctuary and such
That thing didn't call me on the phone, Javi.
you the first I don't know how much there is no
we still had so much relationship but it was
Of the youtubers I think so with him
that he had more relationship with me but
We didn't have as much friendship as we do now and
You called me first before
tell anyone I don't know what he had
thought of messing with another youtuber
that he would get along badly, for example, having me
got involved with me with an Agustn or someone
not about that and I didn't want to go but
no because no because I would mess with anyone
because in the end you know that later
you meet people in person to me
exactly and also you would have
a little extra salt would have been nice
For example, he takes me with Agustn
you do a show and that's not no either
I don't even know who Agustn is. This is a friend.
from gref with whom I was fighting at that time
moment and and and I was the subject of the field and the subject
travel so so so so far no no
I saw the topic food topic you know topic
Asia theme theme another other continent and
How many hours of flight are there to go to?
there you spend a day traveling between a
thing and another because I go out this this
time has been the this time has been more
faster than the other time and this time
It was eh 5 hours from Villa Madrid in the
car you don't take the plane to Istanbul
I think there were four, three or four and
then you have to stop. Of course.
take several planes No yes I think that the
The other day they told me there was a live show
or that there was a live broadcast and they removed it But
Well, I say that all of me who have
has always been seen on some scale
at least and this has been 24 hours
So you leave here and in 24 hours or more
you arrive less between one thing and another because
They scare me so much
terrible the planes as for
consider it
[Music]
do something strange to you or I kidnap you
that I know you know or rather how many people talk
fables and so many stories and apart from that the
food issue eh There is not much No
that there isn't much kidnapping and things like that
No, it's not that dangerous as far as I know.
Or yes, it already goes, once it's gone, it says it is
a normal, ordinary place like any other
the damn countries how do they save so much money
on TV and so many things you know, eh? Well
It gives you things especially for the
food that I am very very
Delicate to eat, I don't like it almost
nothing you know I don't know what I said to him
to FR, well, let them go and that's it.
Plex was Dallas was already when it was Dallas
I got really bitten by the bug because Ali
a known person you know when he was pl
I didn't like seeing it on Play but I say
but I'm not going to be able to But now
When Dallas went with him, I was already bitten
a little bit like that you know and such And Fran already told me
He said you're coming, no, and you're coming.
and well, what did I tell him now I'll buy it
ticket and I bought it in February I'm glad
I'm glad I'm happy T and damn now to the
Three or four months ago I returned to the middle
I have been back there twice this year
then very good Yes yes of course twice
The first time was in February with the
relative that the series is on I didn't make one
series and now for the topic of
save the sanctuary not that looks between
one thing and another because it has turned out great
great uncle we all thank you and well
I think that
It's been a couple of weeks, I think it's going to be
I think I think this month I have to
Franer that frankness that was that they see
come come with him so that F so that
I was with him, I say you can go there, no
You can go, let's go Manolete, I'm not doing anything else.
see that pate again right now Tan
soon uncle when some time passes you know
Hey, then mention some of the
games that people can find No
Well, let's see, eh. For example, I made one of
fear has recently been called
seal which is like sealed in English yes
to take a look at it but go on, what more
If you want, we can talk about things.
Dallas Tell me salse itos and that's how you
you know we generate a bit of gossip that is
It's a [ __ ] great thing, but it's coming at full speed. No
Of course, man, damn, you have to lend a hand.
here and also find out things that I
What do I need, but let's see you then
with the melos you fought to know and you have not
heard nothing more again Hey but I
He is very interested, I didn't even fight with him.
eh neither me nor we fought with him
we said but man you had a job
What to do, you're here trolling us. What
the typical thing that you can say to happens
any colleague and nothing was there
talking to other people insulting him already
but how how was the How was the move
Melo because I saw it later as if it were
came very high I don't know if it is that
would he warm up or what and he got very excited
He took out that video but then it seemed like
He messed up a lot, right? I haven't gone back.
To know nothing more about him, I took the video
Someone would warm him up for sure because if
I don't know what And then I don't know if it has
continued making videos or what but
Regarding the Dallas issue, I don't think so.
absolutely nothing go no no no no
wanted, didn't want to make that video
crying It's that even if you point out only
He behaved well with him, uncle gave him a
computer gave him work when he
I was looking for him and he thought what happened
a move, I'm already remembering
From the Vietnam FLA, Melo claimed him
In Dalas, we raised 120 bucks.
to help you get the 120 bucks back
what is true is true
I agree that you made a collection of
The 120 was for the shipping, not the
computer wasn't that was Alo the shipment
which was something he didn't pay her for
Dallas And then Dallas followed the
120 bucks And then he was supposed to
It was like he had financial problems
I don't know what And then we did a
direct where we ordered the 120 bucks And it
I made a video of myself [ __ ] on Dallas and
and we collected the 120 bucks from him
we collect agreement I remember and and then
In the end, people said to give it to him.
by the ass to Dallas and they didn't give him the
You didn't keep 120 bucks to Dallas.
you then he he Ah he kept them
above Yes yes of course let's see the people
decided not to keep them
he or the people he made himself the
collect and then it was said that it was made
voting and people said but they didn't say it
from ardala and and it was clear to him 120
turkeys But well, people do it
decided So he still owes him the
120 pa 120 pa guard give it to the bastard who
Wow Terela, man, wow, but that's going to be the one
title of this eh I'm going to put doky ex
Dallas mascot Now it's me and melos two
Melos owes Dallas 120 bucks.
still How things change, eh, bastard
You invented the pet thing and now
They are telling you at full speed that
I have seen They are putting it as a pet no
They are neither original nor original
They copied me, they copied you
to you who are you who Yes yes yes Yes
could have a little more of
talent No, it's not true, but those are
sauces were the good thing eh Now Good
Now we're back to a bit like 2017.
because people didn't like the move
It's called karma, people put it there.
He didn't like the Pambi move. And
So taking advantage of that situation,
The people from Dallas' past have come out
as if saying now they're going to listen to me
Now you will finally believe me and now
They are like reviving themes and people like
Ricky and these people, well
Well, reviving themes that are even
already won in the games or what
He's saying, uncle, who is this guy and
What does he know about Dallas and what does he have with him?
Dallas that he knows things about her past
Why What's this about if I tell you the
I really don't know if the people in the chat
I could say I don't know why
they got hooked or rather I don't know why
they hooked up, so I know that let's see Me
I imagine that would be the furthest thing from me
I remember it's Ricky and he reacted to the
Dallas videos to see, he is Win's friend
michu maybe there too not to
see then he always has on twit
Old tweet and reactions and stuff
messing with Dallas by giving it to him
reason to the other Oh what a [ __ ] master Win michu
But well that in the end was also very
of the time Well, for example, I, damn
[ __ ], if you act like that a lot of people will
when we saw the wimon 2017 video
we gave a [ __ ] host, I love Win michu what
piece of video I don't know what And then that happens
has been dismantled over time
then AC the [ __ ] Win myth no longer
It's not even on YouTube, it's gone. They've taken it away.
It's crazy but it's his thing at its best
Now from time to time he throws some
He catches and does some stuff but he is with his con
your letters and such me while I am
So look what happens from time to time
when he does raise his head and well
today something happened there but
Well, I don't know if it will be very important.
It will be known but the thing is that
You can't blame him either
Someone that topic because we have all gone
changing opinion How is he going to throw a
One thing is facing 2017, you also know how
Damn, but based on time, it then left.
dismantling you know but I don't know the truth
I think it was because he was going
reacting to things and of course when the
Dallas has already started messing with the ibai
mess with Gref to mess with I don't know what
Well, he was like his Team, not who
with whom he wants to please, to please himself
no and I imagine that it would be around there
truth is I don't know that I don't know I don't know what
moment they get hooked I know that if it has been
He began to challenge him to a debate on a topic
from a rewind and since then they are with
the thing about the debate about the debate about the debate
and I think they've started to get hooked
Ricky started doing it privately
series of reacting to the debates of
Dallas and Dallas gave him some strikes
and I think that's where they went
climbing the level you know well you don't see it
the thing has come so far not for that
now this one is saying that it is a
complaint that if I don't know what hunger Let's see it is
that yes yes
is that they are no longer debating the
current topics of Hey What's the Point
for example not the moment of rwi Vale
Well, Ricky defended technical issues, no
I know what I don't know how much of this camera
the other camera but of course when
They start mentioning again that if the
confidentiality agreements that if the
girl of 2000 I don't know how much the contracts
of confidentiality that has more years
since Christ did not From Laana rebun
You don't remember that foreigner
I will not remember if I was there when
She made the video and they told me how it is
I was making the video and Javi didn't
scary but the thing is that the The
Movida It's that the la la is what they want
give the contracts as if they were because
the contracts are a bit clear
They want to give a little like Cristian how
His name is Christian Grey, it was 50
shades of Grey you know no S like like a
cloudy tint in which there is a clause
that the D mistreats them or abuses them or
something that is worth And then what it says
Ricky is that as it is a contract of
confidentiality Of course I don't know.
Neither their lawyers nor their lawyers can say anything later.
to the police but how can it be so
That's absurd, man, that's what gave me that.
note in a debate that they think that d
I don't know, The rapist of Castile or what?
uncle has not squared with a contract
law be let's go is that literally I
He said in a debate he told me No man
It is clear that girls cannot
reporting it puts them in a difficult position
that if you abuse the Dalas they can't
report it because they can't tell
Nobody is confidential, that is,
show evidence that Dalas abused
Someone, I can tell you, has not abused
from no one because who knows you?
also that you know it You see it
abusing someone dude No but apart
It's just in case because later I will
debates I tell you But what is it that
physically verbally abusing another
What is going on is physically abusing
verbally we all attack and say
things but what is hitting someone
little girl
I know they mean good little
more and that abuses mostly minors
because they are innocent And then maybe
it is the dye because then when they have
I have come to understand with the passage of time
days that eh that the lawyers are for
those fed up with any contract and
judges also because now the story
They have changed and now he doesn't know exactly
why are they against those
contract, so they are talking about
albl try to drop any [ __ ] and
If anything works, I don't give it to you.
that they have told you that they are
saying that you have a contract now
no that yes or something like that yes but mine doesn't
mine would be confidential
that I always have to agree with him
in all Don't see what a good contract that is
I already told you, I know him, I come out
cheap eh or so I'm like yes yes I A
You see, everyone has a price.
a cheap [ __ ], that is, yes, yes, I do.
You put it well, it doesn't cost me more to say
Well, you have it, well, he has it.
another one pushes himself, eh, if they want, I don't think so.
you have no contract because I do
I've known you for a century and I'm the one who
He has never mentioned anything about a contract to me.
nor any nonsense, the truth. So
I know him. I've been friends with him since
before you I doubt it is absurd I never lived
He hasn't even taken that topic out of me
raise it But because I don't know why not
I know that I didn't always understand that as
something about your personal relationships not O
be in an intimate way your things are not and it
I see it as normal because taking into account the
experience that you have had and that come out
and they make videos telling the minimum things
capture that there is Well I don't know I see it I
It's that what I am saying is that on the subject of
telesalseo I don't know if you know it, I have
other channels now that are gossip channels
from TV and stuff. Oh yeah, well, no idea.
Uncle, I don't see it and I see it there, I see it a lot.
In fact, today they sent me a few and
I say Yes I already know I know Sia Shakira Tomon
cruis They sent me a few today
you know and let's see a person it depends
you can say Oh I would never go that
but that is your experience, you don't
You know the experience that the
another person to reach the conclusion
that he has to do that so as not to
don't end badly
thing and the Dallas experience has given it
made to come to the conclusion that
that it is best to make contracts with
these people so that what happens later doesn't happen
that has
past Hey do you remember H shaffer no
dude no no I don't know what it is you don't know what it is
aplo shaffer no guy [ __ ] Well it's that
It would be already already look we are stirring a
little in 2017, 2018 and such you appear
today here on the live call I
I think now would be the time
perfect for him to reappear
Apple Shaffer, you don't remember Apple.
shaffer aplo shaffer no uncle no no
I remember I know him Are you sure?
man but shafer you should know him
the one who did the live shows on you know
4 hours reading the Dallas book
that he went online because he caught him with
a minor No
[ __ ] don't you remember that thing that was like
a super vigilante So he was dressed
of
ayuwoki I've never seen that before
I've never seen him yoki but he was put
to read it as it was an audiobook that I read
the books or commented on something about how things were going
He was he gained repercussion whenever
He was exactly a friend of the roldier.
he had an affair with a minor in front of the river
precisely according to roler this was taken and
This was one that talked about Dallas
always and and I would grab and put it in I think
I burned the pages no no this wasn't it
that burned this read the pages of the
book and tore them up in you know and made
4-hour live analysis
Literarily the books of Dallas you
You know that's it. You've lived it yourself. That is.
who is a Dallas hater who was putting himself to
read the book to break it rant
of the best friends of these people and
then the and then it turned out that it came out of him
who had hooked up with a girl from
Well, I don't know if it's 13 or 14.
years [ __ ] how strong I'm finding out
Now, but if you know who that guy is, what
What happens is that you won't fall, I don't remember what
better so many years ago uncle and how
before he smoked firecrackers because he peed his pants
Wait wait but that was it
of the main villains Eh
yes yes yes it's the main host it's true man
Do you remember when I caught you high?
firecracker in a video
Yes yes yes that was good it's people don't you
remember I want if I still have but
I think they are, there was one that was with me
fighting with him and I don't remember what happened to me
He said but they take the video and tell me
Javi says, what's wrong with you? Don't you understand?
you've been on drugs or something like that and after a while more
go ahead, don't invent anything, [ __ ], don't invent anything
something like that was And I gave a little while later
In a video it appears that he has forgotten
cut that piece and the bastard comes out
[Laughs]
It's true, it's true, that series was the one
[ __ ] eh that's when we have to
fight again one day we can
do it what happens is that I already
YouTube bores me but I did quit smoking
and I stopped smoking tobacco and everything else
Now I'm a fan. I don't smoke tobacco.
you haven't even left it either
how good how good very very much
probably around that time
surely a lot a lot a lot yes and and the
joints are [ __ ] [ __ ], that's what you get
I would let myself be knocked out. No, at that time.
I was used to it, I felt the same but
then with when I was leaving it and
I relapsed once, I smoked one and
I said, wow, this feeling, dude, of being
in this way it is that I do not want it
more and I hated it, I hated it totally
and you don't see and you don't see YouTube for others
things or in other words
plan I see a lot of content in English I see
I know things about video games, so it's that
I am very gamer dude I watch a lot of things
video games, I have some of your videos.
also seen some from Dallas but
It's not that I'm ... great either
the day on YouTube The truth is I am
working more than anything else, man
There we are waiting to see what
I'm going to continue here finishing up
see this man's nonsense and I
I'm very glad, uncle, we're in touch.
then no or what clear uncle when
If you want to talk, I'm here for you.
that I needed for that reason that I wanted
I've been thinking about talking to you, uncle.
tell me I'm going to talk to you I'm going to
talk to him to spend some time with him
to tell him about Fran, uncle, who has
We are working hard to the maximum, I am very happy
I'm very happy about it J I don't mind
I was hoping, well, man. Well, nothing here.
We are here for whatever you need
Big hug, uncle, and thanks for coming.
nothing bye
bye but this surprise happened
family But what is this?
It's me who doesn't know about the sauce shop.
I finally understand, that is, I understand the thing about the
sauce shop no
I'm not finished with the sauce shop.
understand family and the things that happen
here we go we go
assuming and and and and But this this This is
crazy, right? Or the salsa bar. Here they go.
things happening during the during the
direct that you don't expect it
eh I think I wouldn't consider taking out
tweets from 6 7 8 years ago from nobody
Even 3 years would be a real pain for me
I'm not going to see myself
Yeah
No
[Music]
No, wait, I'm going to the bathroom and I'll tell you something.
thing eh it won't take long
nothing to
Let's see. This is going to be another extract, okay?
places This is going to be another excerpt
Eh This is going to be another excerpt I think
that I already praise everything. It's that I think that I
I have to go since it's 10:20 p.m. I have to go
to get up at 8
Ah, but we would have to see what
reading Okay, well, I'll see, I'll see this.
This is going to be another excerpt from
Ricky, I think there have been like two or three
extracts places are worth it because I think that
one first is the fan one first
It's the fan's thing and another is the thing of the
police okay And this is going to be another one
extract vale places this is going to be another
extract yes family as you are already
putting in the as you are already me
putting in the clip
It turns out we have the video of which
They've released that, dude, but you're freaking out.
I imagined it would be crazy.
something like that man I imagined it would be something
So
Okay, Ricky Edy's fan has posted
this but how how can you have this
cognitive problem
to a person who calls me a clown you are
more than one
clowns are
Surrealists kiss Alan clown no more than
clown, you just made a [ __ ] fool of yourself
on the internet in front of everyone and
You haven't cut a hair but all for
ridiculous and for wanting to attract attention
I don't know what the hell is wrong with you. Okay.
says a person who calls me a clown and
He says he wants to sleep with a 17-year-old girl.
years being
married What the [ __ ] but that is this
People Eh does not have any kind of Limit
or something
in defaming in inventing anything
[ __ ] [ __ ] being married I don't owe him
no respect and calm what to say to him
wof wof is not going to keep him awake at night
what a [ __ ] piece
In short, let's give it there, no, my God.
what a clown
ridiculous little ridiculous clown Uncle O
sea does not have enough with what it has
made live with d and in the
direct with
Ricky calm down wof wof he's not going to
take away the dream with what 17-year-old girl
Of course these are the mantras that are
they invented with conversations
those Juan Castro a kiss But for
that this is being played out
Of course, well, Natacha, don't get upset.
delicate is not worth more than delicious either
It turns out that Ricky
eh in his in his tantrum and in his kicks
He has done something that I would like to do when he drowned.
I imagined it would be like this Now when
I was telling you okay despite
that he
this
completely against being put
clip
old because You can change your mind
unless you're Dallas, okay?
rickyedit Ah, Javi's soporific video
Let's comment a little on that, not the
video because it's an unwatchable hour of You
You said I don't know what clip from 5 years ago
years and now he says I don't know how much clip
For TR days now people have been changing
opinion and Ricky would never do it no me O
be it to me I think I would not consider it
pull tweets from 6 7 8 years ago from anyone
Even 3 years would be a real pain for me
to say Look what this person was like
I don't mean to me I think not I don't mean to me
I would consider removing Twitch from 6 7 8 years ago
years of no one even 3 years would give me
a lot of good stick Well it turns out that it is
the guy has taken a [ __ ] without investigating
[ __ ] and
you are going to be famous in a plan and apart from that already
We have seen the conclusions he draws
This hater and the things he does and the
life that has been dedicated to Dallas Bueno
Well, he has caught it or he will have crossed it
him now because they will come out in the paraat
you Javi's things or they have sent it to him
any of his followers are worth it And he has
taken and has decided to put this
clip on this with good is that of
done no no no no yes yes yes yes okay ha
taken the click as is from this account
from a hater's Twitter account, so let's see
I was already taking a clip from Javiel Canino
not in the previous videos no
Well, to give me a sarcasm about the subject of
the
contracts and victims of
Dallas makes it quite clear in other
parts that make a difference in Advanced
within the legal age of majority is not
something serious and as you have seen it continues
taking long turns to avoid the
answer here we are talking and I
Ricky is saying that within the
age of majority that I have told him in the
debate that within the age of majority
Well, a difference of 10 years is not
for so much clear let's see Ricky of one
person from 19 to one of
30 [ __ ] [ __ ] according to you, that's what you crash into
It didn't matter if it was a 25-year-old person or a 25-year-old.
35 of 50 to 40 Now if you talk to me about one
From 25 to 15, we are already talking about
another thing Okay, sure, there yes, there yes, already, already
We know what the video is there, yes, Ricky.
Of course, but what I'm talking to you about is
It is heard low Javi, let's see, well no
would have to Maybe it has to Go down
the volume with the discord no no no no is not
what there is
eh of course you know why I have it
discovered this Javi today in a video of
a while ago I discovered it today
is that you haven't even discovered it
Uncle, they sent you the click, you should
Let's see, he's taken a clitoris out of me.
when I don't even have tickets, that is, here
We have the video called relationship
Here we have the
video a video from June 2019 uncle
more than 5 years ago
years and no it has not hurt you to look at
see what you're going to put, you don't give a damn
The [ __ ] already told us yesterday that he
manipulates the clicks and he puts it and
put things that are lies today we have
seen how he puts up signs that are
lies and it doesn't matter he assumes that
his audience is stupid as hell he takes it for granted
fact that will deceive them and they don't care
because a video of yours is going to have more
impact that whatever we do
the others and that's it. I mean, it's me
putting a clip of a day when I
I didn't even have any tickets yet, let's say I don't even know.
It crossed my mind to put myself here
but trust what I tell you as long as
Che clip does Well then look what
Ricky says these words are his, no
one has recreated them and it was an opinion
that came out of him because he accompanied well
something that was defending or covering
in one of its contents you pay attention
Also Ah there is one thing that
I explained much something that I was
defending in one of my contents
man
Ricky that the Day
Gamer, a guy, I don't know if he's almost 20 or so.
30 years if a minor spoke to her and said
that he put it like Gema de
diamond how old were these people
place day Gamer and the
girl occasions that is called relationship of
power and this comes because the girl is
very young and is talking to her
favorite youtuber and this comes because the
girl is very young and is talking
with your favorite youtuber of course when I
I'm talking here I understand one
power relationship between
someone of legal age but a minor
minor of truth a minor that is
manipulable by someone famous for
someone
youtuber I understand a 19 year old person
years you can really like a
youtuber and all that stuff and obviously
We are not the toughest we are at 25
with 30 but man for you to sign a
contract without reading it Ricky what is it
You want to make them understand here
people in the end of course when I have seen
Now this afternoon I say this for sure.
I find the video and look at the context.
I'm referring to a little girl, little girl
girl No she feels inferior and
that does not want to be something that
disappoint not as if you want
pleasing is fine, it's a move, but this
It's true, okay. This is like this, 14 Ricky
clown you are a [ __ ] idiot
I am referring to a 14 year old girl and
You are comparing yourself to a 19 year old girl
years you are stupid uncle Why haven't you
checked the click
that the same thing has happened to you that you have returned
to put a clip of Javi the canine this
late in a video when the Dallas already
responded to your clips you have taken them out
uncut dude Because your dick doesn't give a damn
because you want
lie because you want to lie on purpose
that you lie is not that you think one
Look, something's happening here, and this is it.
Same thing that happened with the delox with the
those conversations are worth one thing
that you are arguing with a person
because you have an opinion
It's okay because you have an opinion and it
another person has another opinion then
I discussed the ideas But then it's like
for example of those who cut some
conversations to make them seem like
He said something else and published The Captures
after cutting them out why because
He published them knowingly lying
What is he lying about? This clown is the same.
This clown takes anything without
check it out this clown takes any
thing without checking it Look what I
is comparing And it is that here it is not
we would only apply the fact that
he was much older than she was worth
because we are talking about more than one
decade that for me is look look at the
clown making faces like it's the
same as what we talked about in the debate that
what we are talking about there
not only authentic madness but also exists
this power relationship because he is
youtuber No and will always be able to
manipulate it better because there is no such thing here
a struggle is not a rape because
we are talking about that everything was
virtually but we do see how there is
some manipulation because he is the
famous youtuber she who looks looks at him
clown putting
face to please him I hope you are me
understanding what I want to tell you
We are talking about a 14 year old girl with
A 26-year-old guy is a [ __ ] clown.
making faces as if it were the same thing
that Dallas with a supposed that no
We know whether or not he will be a 19-year-old person.
or 20 years that would have signed a
contract that has been good for him
kid yes Well he has had a click
manipulated Karime uy anika because she has
taken from the accounts that he has taken
Sure, but your child audience doesn't know.
how to react But he is
lying Well it's not that I'm lying
he Maybe found with the clip and
It just fit and it didn't fit.
checked and that's it, I understand you
perfectly jav basically that this
is your real opinion about a case
and besides, the guy takes you because
Imagine if I had still
changed my mind or rather we are
speaking a cl more than 5 years ago that he
is telling you that the old cl do not
They are worth it, the cl from 3 years ago are not worth it.
Well, he grabs you and says, this is it.
your real opinion is not the one from now, this is the one
that I
like You are a clown you are a liar
and when the kids grow up
that they follow you, then you go there and that and
fatal but anyway ruk that
you know perfectly well the drag that
you took yesterday and that any person
with two two in front he knows that you lie and
you say
nonsense the same as I was to you
stating on several occasions that
you were dodging because obviously
I couldn't answer and that to this day I don't
It was more than a topic that I was
dodging because he couldn't answer is
that you are
[ __ ] is that you are an [ __ ] and
you say things seriously when
you are recording editing the videos that
you have no balls after answering in a
debate dude in a live you start to
say yes mik wasowski that yes I don't know
What if the mirror because this is it
that you are worth nothing with edited videos
more and lying is a hypocrite
balanced and censored by a firm that
It ensures you a few more bills
end of the month in exchange for being in favor
of everything I criticized a while ago
time if not if here he already spoke to me
with Dallas, you're a [ __ ] clown.
[ __ ] and you're stupid but here it's 13
In June 2019, I was already here.
doing live shows with Dallas you are
you're a [ __ ] idiot
is that you have put a click that does not even know
what is the context of the click nor does he know
what video
Ricky's children will only last
that's when they stop being children but if it is
It doesn't matter whether the children last or not
last for adults he
It tastes perfect and this is the way to go
eat that has to that's why yesterday
presents in a space of pambisito because
He knows that for people with two
forehead fingers that are not 7-year-old children
years is making a [ __ ] fool of himself
his
life you flip out You what you are doing to me
comparing in that shameful gr with laad
that has the situation you are in
You should be ashamed, it's hard for me.
It is very hard to believe that someone today
Be proud of yourself Javier and good for you
close the topic of Javi who is not going to be
mention and there he wanted to throw at me that
I am a father and my children are not going to
feel proud of you Ricky your mother your
mother, yes, she has to give
ashamed of you, that [ __ ] clown is worth it
[ __ ] that you are And remember I'm going to tell you
to remember again why it seems
that you forget that you wanted to do a
date program with little sister of
Dallas when he was younger Not now when
was a minor a few years ago
you wanted to do a dating show
taking you to Dallas's sister
dating program worth And these days you
you're going to remember a few things
Okay, and your mother does have to
ashamed of you that yesterday a lady from
49 years old you dad a 49 year old lady you
dad and he told you to your face uncle you
He said to your face that you admitted a crime of
Gender violence in a live broadcast. Oh no.
you knew you don't know that well you're going to know
many more things don't worry you're going to
know many more things
J Play the wine song but F you the one
clown who starts saying this is the one
real opinion Why And that's why
what that that of when By
what Why
Yes, yes, what happened to Dallas's sister
we said in the first debate
look at it, it's going to come out, but F everything
the clown This is the real opinion but
now he doesn't have it because of a contract
invents whatever his dick feels like and
He says speaking confidently to the camera
You're a [ __ ] clown, you're a [ __ ]
liar And that's why what happens to you happens to you
passes the
debates I remember it was in 2021 that Ricky
He said that about Adri that he is indeed there
there it is there it is
there Dalas Dalas wanted to be contracted
confidentiality with abuse of power But
He wanted to do a dating show with
the sister of
D much more during the course of
These contents Why we don't remember
also the number of times since
that the pan fon Man auge project was put
to say that he had no idea
cryptos that all the luck that is
He threw the roll to his luck that he understood
but I don't know what But why not
We listened to what he thought before as well.
there are investments and the
sea And it's clear It's that I don't understand
not this click either
and I'm talking about cryptocurrency
that it had ever been invested
but I don't understand where he wants
come up with this that I have earned money with
cryptocurrencies and I said no
I knew the same nonsense again but yes
It has nothing to do with it if it is that
Delox himself already appeared in the discussion
saying no
that he doesn't think I had information
privileged first said yes in a
tweet then said that
No, I mean, no, Ricky doesn't know this.
I saw this yesterday or yesterday I
gets to say something about these two clicks And
I grab him again And I hit him again
a sweep and he would have told me again
look, you see the faces he makes here, you see
the clown the face he makes here
Oh and he doesn't even know the context because yesterday he told me
comes out in the debate And I return to him
I'll do it again if I drag it.
explain And surely Well there would be
said my wasowski the mirrors the ratio and
those things because this
Let's see what Liy does and then we'll
come on
Oh my goodness, what a [ __ ] clown!
Hey, he wants to get to the point where his
audience believes that if you have a
contract with Dallas but no no but yes
He just says it and that's it, but then he takes it out.
of the [ __ ]
and there is a contract that I
guarantees I don't know what amount of money
a month, trust yourself, but this is taken from his
[ __ ] all this taken from his
[ __ ] demands No if demands No if to
The end is going to turn me on if I continue
mentioning people who have nothing to
see with the internet maybe what suits me
to warm up and I'm going to have to put one on
restraining order to me that's what
it will happen in the end
Javi, the contract is the same as the
abuse that he said about Ali pure lies
He invented the subject of abuse and in
He invents the video and then in
the debate he denies it and tells me no
that he believed his girlfriend when his
girlfriend told him the abuse no the girlfriend did not
He said about the abuse, Lali didn't make it up.
about abuse, about abuse, Lali tells him that
He got involved with a guy and Lali says, "Okay."
I was drunk I don't know what Or I know how much And
So why is he insecure?
which is the same thing that happens on Twitter and
It's the same thing that happens to him, he needs
feel that he has not been papped by him
example today This that today has been
published the debate and everyone
Javi has given up on me, I want to send you
a tweet for you to react as you would like
send it to the places but now
Tomorrow, eh? I'll go see about Li outside.
This Twitter thing is worth this Twitter thing
of the Likes and and and and that is in
direct he needs to have ratio if
in a few years for whatever reason
My twin makes a
this ratio
kid is capable of the worst He can't do it
endure that's why he doesn't want to debate
with
Dallas
because he is going to die in a debate with
Dallas, Dallas is going to do it, yes, yes, yesterday it was
We swept the three debates we have
We have done it and swept it yesterday
I was like, "I was like, 'Yeah, I was like, 'Yeah, the mirrors
when Dallas catches him where he is
this kid is going to
crying gets depressed no no no but this
kid
depresses and this guy the thing about the
abuse was her idea Lali didn't tell her and that's it
Lali will explain it, she didn't tell him that they have me
abused That's not true Lali doesn't know it
Lali said, she didn't tell him that, Lali told him
Well, I was drunk and then
He said, "You know that's abuse."
So Ah well then that's a
abuse that came to my head
that's because he couldn't handle it
ego and insecurity that he had
put the horns because he goes of him goes
from Alpha and is a
betilla that the only thing that has
had in life is that he has had
numbers in this YouTube thing Because it is
a betilla just have to see it
nothing more nothing more that you have to see is
a betilla And then he took it and invented it
He put the abuse in her, okay?
He put it in her and made her
I did it
public he pressures the other to
do it
public And that also lied to me in the
debate in the debate took Look at this
I have
here
Look, I remember that you too
You said that you encouraged her, I'm going to do it
calling her to publish that
thread No if you remember my phrase that
also repeated it 10 times each time
They asked me and he denied it.
I feel as humiliated as if you
you made public what has happened to me
past that is not to say take Open and you
put this right now or you don't have it
nothing that
see for me let's go I think to say me
I feel and it's a lie. Look what
said the phone deletes them explain the
things and told them that he was not in agreement
agreement with how they had acted with her
and and the block and out made them made them
fight with all your friends and
block her and something else I tell her
because I was horny and everything
the anger that I had been
hiding so many things is the
humiliation that I feel right now
to have been without knowing, without knowing
so many moves because it is not
not only that it would come down that time but that in
the month that passed from the period until
we were back on top in Andorra
She repeated She went down again and was with
These people and well I'm calm because
I know that they were people that I considered very
close is not an abuse at the moment
that she wanted to get back Ricky the abuse you
You made it up, it wasn't abuse nor did you
you believed no abuse is not an abuse in
the moment she wanted to return to
meet El Chaval at the moment that
She wanted to meet him again
kid no you don't believe that it's a
abuse what happens is that you were
damaging the ego and you didn't want to admit that
they had cheated on you but
Listen to what you made him do. Look if
that there was trust and I, well, that
do what you want no then was
I was very overwhelmed, very
insecure and I told him insecure as always
eh I think at the height of the
humiliation I feel right now
within this couple within this
our relationship with what has happened
I think it would be like exposing what you have
made the making public you told him that
As you felt humiliated you had to
humiliate her that you are a sad and
wee
be a sad and little one
being that like you you felt humiliated
you needed her to be shoveled by you
[ __ ] [ __ ]
Followers and that's why the other tells you the same
that you
says and that's why the other tells you what you
says among other things You needed
that the other would humiliate herself you started to
remove your photos from Instagram you started
to put hints in the songs that
I remember
perfectly because as you are a being
so small and so despicable and so
little thing instead of taking with two balls
and to leave it you needed to shovel it and
when she paid for the humiliation that you
you felt then returned with them with the
story of the rape that you have
invented you invented it
You made it up Ricky, not her.
you made up rape
you and her
It happened, but if you look at how lying it is
How many lies we bring him
caught tonight Well that's it So
It's all when he gets it
Dallas You're going to see it with your eyebrows twitching.
It won't matter, eh, the kids are going to
tell him the same thing and the channels that are
against them they will defend and very well
but for people who have two fingers
of
We have it super open in front but yes
There is nothing more to it than
to see it is that there is nothing more that is needed
Seeing it is what Ricky's content is about.
literal way of humiliating people
Random on networks to feel Alpha then
it's a
loser is a loser
If you don't If you don't don't tell this to the
people do not have to
informing people does not have to
find out that you have been cheated on
or that she has gone with you and
say anything and leave but he
needed
humiliate her he needed to humiliate her to
he will feel compensated if you give it to him
is saying here look
I explained things to them then and there
the anger that I had been
hiding so many things is the
humiliation that I feel right now
to have been without knowing, without knowing
so many moves because it is not
not only that it would come down that time but that in
the month that passed from lapse until
we were back on top in Andorra
She repeated She went down again and was with
These people and well I'm calm because
I know that they were people that I considered very
close and there was trust and I, well
Well, let him do what he wants, right then.
I was like very overwhelmed, I was like
very insecure and I told him I think that
height of the humiliation I feel
right now inside this couple inside
of this relationship of ours with what has
past I think it would be like exposing it
what have you done by making public what
you have hidden from me what you have hidden from me
in a way that you express what
you feel but not at the moment And this is
real and she will confirm it to you because
This is so At the time of telling you this
I thought, what the hell are we public figures?
today because although I have been there longer
time she has also grown a lot in
the networks and people know her to publish
something like this is going to give rise to a lot
misunderstandings people will think the same
We are going to have worse than the first moment
that give much more context and this gives a
laziness that actually freaks me out because
that you always know me by my
opinions and for my strange public move
Maybe you're going to have some of my private information.
because I don't share it with anyone who knows
who is talking about the digital life of the
rock and because I myself do not share it
clown let's see what
from the humiliation he felt he had
to humiliate her but this was so I
I understood it that way from the first
moment I understood it that way from the
first moment and the guy had the face of
lie to me as if right now
everyone has found out that I
you have done this for me that is not saying
take and
there was this Sorry, sorry to cut you off
had been sharing the testimony
that I go seemed to be at the point of
I was forcing him to make this public with a knife.
the same Yes so as not to look bad uncle no
There is no record or testimony of that
Damn, this debate needs to be published.
edited but with truths, not lies
like the
This debate must be published.
But well, it is what it is, we will see, it will go on.
to have
We'll see something, okay, what happened in Rome is already there.
I'll see tomorrow how long it lasts.
It's 3:10 Oh that's 12 minutes dude
we can see it a little to see all of its
enemies let's see it's not me
It doesn't matter what I have immunity with
These things because like everyone else, I
They can eat [ __ ] in single file
You know they won't suit me, they won't suit me, I have
Immunity first because I am good
kid, I have no malice, the second
because if they come to my house to hit me
I'm going to beat them up and then I'm going to tell them
make the snack and my meals are going to be made
friends and they will love me because I am good
Kid, I have absolute immunity.
because I don't know how to tell you No to me
So I have immunity, right?
I have a problem. I can do what
want and I'm not going to have filters with
Nobody what happens is with the people who are
I do dedicate to YouTube, but I do keep a certain amount
a certain slightly careful posture
just to say that's what I'm a
little classic I have a bit of ethics
from my professional colleague what I like the most
What interests me now is what I'm reading
here from Javi ol veira Lali talks to
Dallas on Ricky and confirms the worst O
so the cucu talked to Dallas about
Ricky No Roma really is the best.
watch the debate between Ricky and Javi Javi
Lira challenges me to a live debate part
a [ __ ] on his [ __ ] mother uncle part a
20 but I want to know if Lali spoke
with Javi Oliveira I want to know if Lali
spoke with Javi Oliveira Because I
In the end it is of interest to redirect to
you Lali spoke with Javi Oliveira yes
Lali spoke with Javi Oliveira
Yes to emotional peace and talking to a
that is so turned is always well worth it
It's always good, uncle. How was it that they had
abused her and it was a lie or something like that
who said it in a live broadcast with Ricky
fellating [ __ ] that's how Lali ended up good
Hey, I don't know if you see it wrong but
realize that your probably
ex-girlfriends of mine and most of the others
Here they do that without charging.
that is to say, Lia is one step ahead or what
that is, do not take it into account, let's go
watch the debate to see what happens here
wearing a cap at home to avoid showing one's
entries because it does not have to Because
wear a cap, for example,
so you don't have to comb your hair for example or
as just another item that has a
certain shirt because they go
decorated as they want them to be
Saying game between colleagues seems to be
He's playing falg, that's the game.
troll game of m in which the tests are
those guys put it to the test but you
You admit that this is letting yourself be humiliated
be able to collaborate no Because for me that is not
It was humiliating for me that was not it
humiliating for me no for me no I mean
I had a good time recording that. This is for me.
What you just said seems absurd.
Yes, because whether it's humiliating or not is
humiliating Look at humiliation the same way
that everything I tell you always depends
of you if you feel if here you
You destroy whatever you want if
Here everything is fine, the rest sucks you up
[ __ ] Then the rest can tell you
They humiliated you, I'm sorry, my friend.
but not if I don't feel humiliated myself
I think Roman knows what we're talking about.
talking about the photo we are talking about
no I mean
eh obviously one thing is what you
let it hurt you and another thing is the
context of that image is worth it or so
obviously
There they were doing that to Ricky
to record him eating a banana
another because they know that Ricky is going to
to do it is worth it or you know that another of the
who were there are not going to do it
because they wouldn't do whatever they were doing for
for fame like Ricky at that time is worth it
I mean
It's not the same if I don't feel
bad and that depends on me all those who
You're in front of me, you can suck my [ __ ]
one by one You old green not that you
It seems like an insult, dirty old man is not a
insult Yes in a good dirty old man way or
creepy I don't remember what the term was
You told me both, both okay F the
two is worth it, by the way, by the way
Yesterday you said that you told me because I was
married and it doesn't apply, that is, you told me
By age you were 10 years apart but
It's that your comparison is with chocas what of
I'm saying this when you say "you'll see"
but then you crash, you crash, it doesn't have
family uncle if I had a family I would
He made a face of shame while throwing away the cane.
It's turning you around, eh?
is that he knows perfectly well
eh the truth is that all of that is worth it or not
They are conversations in which the
another part is uncomfortable eh I was
explaining to Ricky what the context is
of my relationship at that time eh
and the guy doesn't give a damn, he lies to you and that's it
He is so ashamed to mention
Always to your family It makes me very angry
that you don't know what's going to What's going to
look doky what happens that clear eh
found with other Jai now but what
What you are going to look for is that I have to
put a restraining order on me
what it does is that it tries with that
get nervous to see if I yell at him to see
if you jump and for me he is a very child
ridiculous and small, you know what I mean?
literally what it is that tells you wow
wow, so he's the one who's looking bad
as he does these things
you understand But when Dallas catches it
Ah, this kid won't be able to overcome it.
that
Hey, this kid won't be able to get over it.
because it is that it cannot, it cannot, it cannot
overcome that which is falling behind
he believed that
It was him now with the children who was
He was pretending to be an Alpha and he is a
betilla 19 a would that happen to me let's see
Is it because of age or is it because of being married?
because it is a mix The truth is a combo
I think I'm 10 years old, or rather,
The difference seems quite big to me
quite big seems quite big to you
big unless you are the
you crash and now you tell him
It seems big to you, I don't know what it is
crashes and he jumps on you now but it's you
you were already married and if my grandmother had
wheels would be a
twingo is worth the situations in the
family You don't know what Fran is like
separated since 2012 and has divorced
Now what happens is that I don't explain my life
That's why I often don't answer this.
because I'm not going to give context of my life
Me
you understand I don't care and that's it Who
have two in front and read the
conversations Well you see there isn't one
discomfort and out a little more me
you understand or because it would already be entering
I'm already giving explanations about my life
I explained it in 2019 and Ricky liked it
It won't matter, he won't look at it and he'll leave.
you know it, eh, to me, eh, it's not illegal,
supposed 10 years quite big but
what for What do they refer to What are they A
What a silly conversation this is, dude.
really yes yes I was talking to
a fool you were married at the time
the one who happened that was married was
married you had children 10 years, do you think?
a lot, that is, I, for example, have
36 years old, yeah yeah, I have a date with one.
26 year old aunt Wow is a lot or with
one yes yes yes yes yes yes 46 years is
very much no yes yes yes yes yes that's the one
Logically, Rome, I understand that if I am 20 and
The girl is 10, does that change or what if I
I'm 18 and the girl is eight, she's different.
But the same thing happens even if there weren't 10
Maybe six doesn't seem like many, but one
17-year-old boy with an 11-year-old girl either
I would see it no then 10 years I don't know and
apart from the fact that it is not something written I want
say 10 15 or 20 What does that matter what
That's nonsense, guy 31 and he's already 20 but
Let's go one year more or less, come on!
I [ __ ] girls in their 40s who
They were 15 years old or more, come on, my goodness.
Well, they [ __ ] me like that.
bulls pin Pam p [ __ ] this one I think not
He says that 10 years ago they were 20 years older than me and sometimes
up to kilos And how much did Ali have? Well
I don't know why Ali has photos in
Instagram Hey, you have to see this, okay?
But Ricky is going to have enough, eh Ricky
is going to have
I say that we are going to get Ricky
See, I think he's crying, huh? Wait a minute.
moment to
see if I can find something
Okay
Oh, of course, all yours have been deleted.
photos of
Instagram Lali had a post of
8 years ago with Ricky a photo with Ricky
from 8 years ago
years ago 8 years eh that you know him already
when they get involved or just
They surely know
Okay, but Lali had a post on
her Instagram from 8 years ago
on Instagram we were there
commenting on the videos of the time
Hey, now there are no men left.
playing host and it will end badly
for him yes yes yes yes I tell you it's going
to end badly uncle [ __ ] my situation the
Ricky endures a fight with an artist
gamer and things like that with energy you know
But Ricky, I'm going to wake him up a bit.
with my wife Not with you okay Ah but now
who is talking about private lives then
I comment on it, I don't know, but what nonsense
is this guy and what do you know if he is
married and are not together and do not
They separated due to paperwork issues such as
I know Rome knows the truth so many people
who is still married and each one doing his/her thing
life what a silly conversation it is
This guy there is a big difference
of age eh the nonsense is that he wants
lie Ah but depending on which person
I do it, it may seem more or less to me
ethical Javi That's my answer in
function A which person does it function A
what person does it Look always thinks
One thing is that nature is wise, that's why
Nature allows people like
they are dedicated to doing what they do
because they are ultimately calm people who
everyone is at home with their [ __ ]
They're running their [ __ ] channel.
well and tomorrow they meet in person
I bring them here to my house and they go to
talk about everything except this [ __ ] my
friends would not be worth it for this because my
friends Besides what they do are my
friends take the car Oh yes they take the
car go down there to Madrid or Andorra you
They split your head and punch you
and then you take one
Coca-Cola together you know they are people of
all your life but they go and give you know
So that's why I say nature is
I knew how to say that to me, what happened to him
to the countryman from Ferrol who was brought up
a video was uploaded now that they uploaded to
your house between four or five and you
They disfigured my face, that doesn't happen to me.
Well, if I see them banging on my door
They're going to take two whole loads
I'm going to split them in two on the chest AB
gunshots there yes there yes but I hit myself
either go and hit him or confront him myself
physically because one tells me I
I say that I don't have that weakness, what is it?
that you break up with me so that
suddenly you block me and I change the block
He came last year I think, eh, that's not it.
It's from now on because of Lali, for sure Lali
It was called not because of your ex, of course, but
It's F past damn because I could come to
ask me they said look that I m
You're I don't know why I do that when I can
come ask me, the loser tells me
They said some outrageous things about Ric Vale when he
has so many people in the audience when
one has a channel with this arrival with
This impact does not say what they should do
Okay I'm not saying what's wrong or what
This is simply my opinion, to me
It seems very bad, very bad that a person
with so much impact call rapist
abuser I don't know what I don't know how much to a guy
which he obviously didn't do and I say
evidently under the evidence point
and it's over okay And unless you do it and
that you then complain about others
social movements that do it with
another Je and I saw some videos where of the
They said about him Roma Javi No accused Ricky
You're welcome No, but I wouldn't say it about Javi.
I only heard on the D review Channel
Of course I also saw him say that taking the
phone to a person is violence to
see it's like if I tell you that if I take your
wallet to see how much money you have
inside that it is violence if you feel
violated is your business And that goes for
gender violence, that is, it is a crime
which is for gender violence in fact
to Dallas when they reported him for that
He was reported for gender violence.
whatever it was whatever it was no yes yes
Yes, we are understanding each other, but I, I, you
I say what
is stipulated right now for crime or
is a crime Well there is hate crime that
is that you mess with a person for
Being a woman or just being a woman, I don't know what it's worth. But
You may agree or not but it is what it is
what's there right now is worth it
and if Ricky is reported for recording
the mobile phone is not reported for revelation
of Secret goes to the court of
violence of the
woman, you leave home and go to hell
ass but well it's not violence of course
That's why there are no injuries from violence or
signs of violence or anything like violence
there may be your feelings that you
you have felt violated yes
perfectly because maybe you are
imbecile Well you're just afraid of
Dallas You think I'm going to be scared?
Why would I be afraid of anyone?
a person and then what happened is
My partner and I changed and I already believed myself
what you have put in Lali's chats
telling friends and please
help me deceive Ricky and cover up
what happened last night existed
I honestly haven't seen those videos of
your channel at no time Then no
I know what chat to show but I remember
a conversation that everyone of
Twitter my all this shared that
It was an edited Instagram chat and that's it
your channel was also bombed
because I do remember those clips
little girl was 12 years old and I tell you this
kid raped me by crawling around
the ground holding onto your legs is not
to believe it If you are in love with
She that you is that Lali didn't come to you
crying here comes the other lie that
I have just told you that they have told me
raped no no me Ah don't you see he has
This and his followers tried me
put a community note
clowns he has internalized this
his followers who do not eat as if it were not
It was his thing about the rape. And this is it.
completely false okay. In fact no
I know if in the same thread
No, here is the thing about registering the
phone This is what registering the
phone that has given one two three
different versions are worth it
Ricky made up rape, that's it
I have it here in a folder, okay.
We will get it out, don't worry, but
Ricky made up the rape thing
What Lali tells him is that she had drunk
Lali excuses herself, she catches her with the
conversations but Lali knows
perfectly that it is not a rape
Lali wanted to meet the boy again
okay And he has conversations with his
friends to meet up with the uncle again
that they hide it from Ricky and others, that is
He is the one who says, "Ah well, this is it."
a rape you have realized and she
He tells her, well, it's worth what you
Do you want the video? Yesterday you said I was there.
He never went to Zaragoza to pick her up.
bus I answer you and I was not in your
home but you have gone
retransmitting everything and everything you say
is that while she sleeps you
you register the mobile phone you discover
some conversations that are
enlightening have messages by
deleted media they want to return to
stay with the Note for the whole thing and
so when you catch her she catches you
He makes the excuse that well, he left me.
very drunk I don't know that I know how much And
So you are the one who says they are
raped I encouraged him I'm going to call me
denies it in the face Vale when those are
videos that have been seen by millions of people
and she is already publishing that
thread no I do not know when that happened
This is the girl's thing, the girl's thing
this
He must have had a very bad time. He had it.
that I had a very bad time, I remember, I remember
I remember, I remember he acted the way he acted
He did what he did because it was his turn
stage and what he did is always perfect
because he does what he should do
what each one does and each one has the
opportunity to learn from what you do
Yes, I'll come back a few days later, yes, Ricky.
uploaded a video I remember I remember I
agreement Because those days I was
a little aware of the subject because I
I went out and such on YouTube there is a little thing like this
and the house is F at the end of August and is
upload the series is worth the answer to which one
It's the problem man I don't know you have a
very big problem at home and you prioritize
answer Dallas man if they do
What does this guy say? He's an abuser.
there was a lot of that and
because you've been here for I don't know how many months now
hinting at Dallas about abuse issues
even if you don't use the word so
direct like Dallas if you use it
with you hinting to Dallas about the subject of
pedophilia Likewise even if they do not use
words as direct as Dallas is
But I don't see Dallas prioritizing
answer you that leave any
things in your life, that is, Dallas is going to suit you
Dallas is the one who handles you I mean when
he decides to answer you, he answers you
when he gives them a week and says
Well now I'm going to answer the question.
answer the delo but the one who commands
all of you, that is, the dogs of Dallas
It is all of you who decides
when you drive to
you are literally in depression
because your girlfriend has gone off with someone else and
dasas says I'm going to take a video and you
has dancing and takes you to the
Arenta Andorra and you put it there to be a
tser after he has put you the
horns after he puts them on you
horns and you know that he has put you
the horns you invent a vigil and
you sit her on the
knee
carrion and because each one
understands the type of content you make
I have uploaded the video talking about the topic
I said, well, it seems very good to me that
take advantage of the momentum because it is doing
visits and monetizing Rome to the max you have
a frank series of visits has the
series wait wait wait ROM not Roman
no no no no he didn't criticize Ricky or I mean no
I call him an abuser or anything like that.
style absolutely nothing to the contrary
In fact I remember and there is the video
raised that Ricky offered him even
talk privately if you needed something
my take on the series and here with
As the years go by you take
awareness of the passage of time and when
you are aware of the passage of time you are
aware of the time limitation
If the duration of life was a
notebook from the first page to the last
last us at the beginning of life
We wrote with Euphoria from the
youth the energy of large letters
beetles everything goes wrong I do one
I throw the ball and go back to the next one
I don't give a damn about the page because I have a lot of them
pages and when you realize that the
notebook has an end you start to
write more neatly with the most letters
small using the gaps
taking advantage of every space because you give yourself
realize that it's ending and you start prioritizing
until you reach a point where
you categorically select what is
a problem and what is not a problem
you are just looking for solutions no
you want to entertain yourself with nonsense
end you are aware that now
You have this feeling because I have been through
Tomorrow you won't remember because
you have more important things like being
with your friends see your mother and she is
still alive and you are aware of what
can really present a problem in
life but certainly not this having
that leaving a relationship is not a
problem is a big one with the step you see
up one
with me I saw the aunt sitting there with
those bows there and she said no no
report not because you know I am
involved in another incident before
you know and I don't want to get into trouble
judicial gives me a lot of pressure but
Listen, I'm not going to report that he saw me.
I'm not going to report it because it's meddling.
move and not the step but after you
Dalas I'm going to report you, you, you.
I'm going to put you in front of me
also that you go with these pants I don't
like it I denounce you I denounce you And to
I denounce you to the one who
no no no no no to the one who saw me, he didn't
I reported because I'm lazy, God how
Do you think this story will end?
When there are those kinds of problems
emotional tend to return to
make mistakes over and over again
The problem with all this is that if you
get back together they can face each other
a very big problem that they generate
themselves a problem that can end in
courts that can end in violence
that can end with injuries, get in the
in case it is a lie that there is no
this type of if you decide to have one
relationship or continue a relationship with
such a person who tends to what you
This saying that by h or by B that he
I ended up behind bars, I saw
I did remember this, damn it
seeing clearly does not call him an abuser
Obviously, but we know perfectly well
that here in Spain
We know perfectly well here in Spain
Lali reports it and yes, but yes, it is that
apart from that it is not the same, that is to say in the
Dallas case Dallas defended itself and
They contrasted the versions and Dallas liked it
They ruled in favor of Ricky, but I doubt it very much.
that they did not condemn him But why Because
He himself acknowledges the facts. Look, Ricky.
acknowledges the facts that he takes the
mobile is registered Read several
conversations messages that have been
erased by half okay And then Ricky his
testimony what it does is contradict itself
and change the version a lot of times
If Lali reports Ricky, I would see it very
It is unlikely that he will not be convicted.
I can predict the future or something
conditional that I don't know if it will happen if at
Ali comes in and reports him but I see
that if they would condemn him, that is to say that he has
recognized him or rather it is not this it is not
Well, my mother-in-law says one thing and I say
another no no no no this is Ricky Lo
recognizes and then changes versions
Okay and Lali keeps the first one, that is
This is not
eh what you think no no no no This is not
It's Dallas said it no no no no this is it
Ricky Lo
recognizes and then changes the version a few
How many times would I condemn Ricky?
I think my friend gave you the same thing live.
more cane than me because he is more brutal
talking no no no no no about that nothing dude
The video is uploaded, I didn't remove it.
insulted there are no little things laughing at you
It's insulting, no no no no no, nothing of that kind
I think that you man I think that
Rome gave him more stick than I did because I in
At that time Ricky had not yet told me
blocked
Okay, and Ricky hadn't blocked me.
still and I believe
I think Rome gave him more stick.
true eh or whatever
I sincerely believe that Rome gave him more
cane But well if now no if now
He says no, well, that's the reason.
will have the months that
let's see if
I find that it would be to start watching it and not
I'm not going to look for it either, but well, it does for me.
I think he gave him a little stick
evidently not like the D
of another person's data well What do you do
With this data, what damage have you caused?
to the other person that is what is
considered may be a crime may be
a crime is a crime No it is not a
crime that's why
example calling another person
certain forms that are understood as
Insults are a crime, do not criticize
to another person is a crime cannot be
a crime Yes yes of course under what under the
subjectivity of who judges you in this
Ricky himself recognizes that this is the case
It's a crime, I don't care what
admit it, balls I'm talking about
the law not of what he creates or what he
one of you not
no Ricky admits that he takes the phone from him
Ali while alali is asleep and
registering conventions is a crime
neither subjective nor subjective
and can be considered violence of
gender
Article 197.1 of the Penal Code is valid.
revelation of Secret but if it is eh you
partner or your ex-partner
women's court I mean if it is not
there is more you may like more or you may
like Rome less but that's what it is
there you know obviously for me this is not
It is abuse for me, abuse is
violence against someone but it is
judged for gender violence is that no
There is more, you know if Lali reports it, it is not
the objectivity that he has but if he
has changed version four times if a
Ali has a problem and this guy
He starts to annoy Ali who doesn't
he's going to do it okay no no no it's not
It is not civil, civil is what civil is
another civil issue is that he publishes
an intimacy of his with Ali that could
be civil Maybe it's worth it
but picking up the phone is the code
criminal disclosure of
Secret is
penal I don't think you'll go to jail
That's why I obviously think that
they would condemn I don't know
Okay, I think they would condemn him. It's that
He explained it to her in detail
how he did it while she was
sleeping
eh what would have to do with that then no
I remember if just as she
wake up he tells you or tries to
That's what I would have to see later in
the video that is re-uploaded there but
This is what Lali has caught by the
eggs to Ricky
eh with all intention Exactly Anica Yes
Yes, I consider that I should report the
Dallas who denounced Dallas for telling him
that is a crime of abuse, let's see
what happens to Dallas explaining a
[ __ ] difference Lucky Ricky
you don't even care Romita, lucky for what?
that in a debate with Ricky you would cry yes
another thing the children are laughing at
things to Roma and you don't have to debate with
nobody dude You think I'm going to stop
I like to debate opinions more.
Tomato to you with mayonnaise, what are you telling me?
Boy when I think about this I'm going to tell you
tell Javi oliveira because he is not there
whether he has said or affirmed
that in this debate he said that I
that I laughed at him or that I insulted him or that
no no no no no no uncle said uncle I have
I didn't say that I insulted him, I said
who gave him some cane, gave him some cane, damn it
[ __ ] there I have the video, I'm the one
has seen those videos knows understands the
perfectly context of the
videos to
I see, I remember that Rome gave him a little stick.
wait for it
eh even to me that's how things get together
people that's why I always say the giraffe
joins the giraffe basically when
will even reject someone in
balance because it cannot tie you down
with you not with you no emotional attention
That's why I always say the giraffe comes together
to the giraffe basically when they are
two talking telling the whole story
It's a relationship I think I think
They don't even reach a year, I don't know if they reach
year but it's basically like a short time
In the video they tell you almost the entire story
history and it doesn't go much further than
I think they did the anniversary
with the great match of the youtuber later
I don't know who lived it, it could be a
effect
Mandela The word saw is not going to work for me.
the transcript appears
things that may sound heavy but that
are the order of the day and are at the
agenda with people who eh
They usually present imbalances
emotional people who are
usually lead to problems of this kind
So they explode. Of course that happens.
much also not because you want
solve a problem but that is there
So in the end you do fix it but
Ah, and you're going to blame yourselves for it.
always and I don't know what I don't know how much and
when the explosion explodes it will be
much worse Well yes And also if
We understand that there is a person who
tends to Well yes he has an attitude
a little good They talk about a fight
No no no I'm not talking to you about that anymore no no yes
I'm not talking to you about that, I'm talking to you about that, hey
that maybe it is clear that what is
better she Maybe she isn't so
in love with him like she's not in love with him. I mean
What I'm telling you is that for h or
I don't know if B ends up behind bars.
I explain myself clearly. Ah, you think that way.
you were going Ah I hadn't thought like that Let's see you
Consider the following: I am going to put you in
two hypotheses let's see Imagine that
On the one hand, when she says that
who suffered this aggression tell the truth
Well, hey, he tells the truth and that's it.
Okay, okay, okay, but imagine.
That
lie okay put yourself in the case that
be good if he gave her more stick than
he and and you don't have to understand that Rick is
your friend doesn't but I don't need you to
someone be my friend to act like that
Joan Planas shape imagine Joan Planas
okay risto risto mejide risto mejide
Tomorrow he will write me a message and say, Hey
man I'm bad I'm emotionally bad and
I think that maybe talking to you I
I can feel better, I don't doubt it, I give it to you
My phone calls me and I invite him to my
home of course is to be nice AND
be nice to people who do what you do
you like it is very easy for you to
be big and kind and be a being
loving and be nice to people
that you don't like that is the difficult part but
that is what determines you
The truth is that my boyfriend started to pass me by.
photos, chats and screenshots telling me everything
It's stories her ex-boyfriend talked about okay
Lali's friends told me about it.
the tudor spoke to me, I don't know who spoke to me
a lot of people spoke sending me
things with me I had a relationship but broke up
other people's things whether it is abuse or not
Well, it depends because if you consent,
They break your ass, it's not abuse, it doesn't depend
Of course, I know if you leave the car to
a friend and the friend unintentionally breaks you
the defense of your car is
mistreating then what you are mistreating me
It doesn't seem wrong to you to speculate.
speculated in one of the latest videos
You started saying that Sias does little things
from behind that I don't know, okay then yes
You don't talk to that one and he's repulsive.
Ricky person if you allow yourself to speculate
No Pita, you've also spoken, okay, here's one
difference that can be confused here between
speculating or inventing is different but
I did not invent it taking into account that
What you said applies to the order
abandonment would occur when the order is given
neglect put because if not I
I'm wrong, he said he's just like
the request for no warrant
accommodation. That is, if I'm not mistaken, it is
He said it was because the police told him
Ricky started saying that he had put
a restraining order the version the
It was changing as he found out
that he could not put an order of
distancing and that was becoming
ridiculous or rather Ricky What's wrong with him
It's that the versions keep changing
as he realizes that he has
made a mess like for example with what
that confidentiality does not allow you
Tell your lawyer, that is, Ricky
for months he was saying that there was
placed a restraining order and that the
Dallas Shouldn't Be Cars
Andorra that shouldn't eh Shouldn't
be here eh as if saying that they are
fulfilling by making faces like that I think
Rome is misinterpreting it and thinks
You say that to make things worse
above But it is to question that Ricky
He behaved worse with you than I did, let's see.
I think what Rome is understanding
that I am putting him at his mercy
criticisms At the same level as what
Dallas told Ricky and I know he didn't.
It is obviously not, but man
Roman LoL is a bit critical of rickin
Not even attacking him is worth it.
But what I come to criticize is that
Ricky threw balls at me and Roma didn't care.
I have eggs, that's what I think of Rome
Ricky eats the eggs
Okay, dude, she's a clown.
eh you should put it order distancing no
It was he who wanted to ask for it directly
So I guess as long as there isn't the
restraining order that has been placed on her
can do and you can do what you want
wins, so I think Ricky can't
use the restraining order to say
I have to watch this debate, man, but it's
which are the three that I have to
Get up early, man, I'm not going to debate.
with him in person because there are no buts
You can't say that he can't either.
talk about you on social media because there aren't any
restraining order I issued an order
of distancing is normal because the
last time I tried it was pure and
I said, "Look, well, we're going to give you an order."
Let's see, we're going to give you an order.
I'm a Beta guy, what a guy
further
ridiculous what a ridiculous guy guy
ridiculous
ridiculous guy What happens is that when
He already realized that he had screwed up
then the story was changing and if not
I haven't asked for it, Fran did hit him hard
To Ricky exo I used Fran as an example and
to Rome because both gave it a hard time, okay?
Hey
practically practically
HM is a clown, but he always does
that eh says one thing and when he sees
that I screwed up Yesterday I was already screwing up
saying something different from the
contracts yesterday yesterday I was no longer supported
that your lawyer that you with a contract of
confidentiality you could not
telling the lawyer yesterday no longer held
That's the
clown put in person because there is no
but you can't say why either
There is no order either, I issued an order
of distancing is that normal the last one